 His wife’s operatives are hunkered down in debate prep, but Bill Clinton is waging a campaign of his own, trying to clear the name of a foundation that has caused controversy in the 2016 race. The former president views the final glitzy meeting of his Clinton Global Initiative — which he will address on Wednesday in an emotional farewell — as his last big opportunity to counter accusations that the philanthropy served as a vehicle for wealthy foreign donors to curry access with his wife’s State Department. Story Continued Below Between his appearances on stage this week, Clinton was still writing the speech; it will be a “personal reflection” on his 15 years at the Clinton Foundation, according to a person familiar with his thinking. He aims to explain how “CGI helped redefine philanthropy.” He also is expected to make an impassioned argument that the foundation has improved lives around the world — a statement he hopes will serve as a powerful rebuke of the controversy that has turned his post-presidential work into a political obstacle for Hillary Clinton, adding to the damaging perception that the Democratic nominee is untrustworthy. Bill Clinton is not expected to mention Donald Trump or even his wife’s campaign, the source said. Instead, he will aim for an optimistic tone and tell the audience that “when you appeal to the best in people, you get the best. And when you appeal to the worst in people, you get the worst.” But with 48 days left in this contest — and voters in focus groups still expressing concern about what they view as inside dealing for foundation donors seeking special access — many Democrats said they were baffled by the former president’s decision to carry on with the conference at all. Trump has seized on the foundation, accusing the Clintons of selling access. And on Monday, the Republican National Committee said the foundation’s “continued acceptance of foreign contributions while [Hillary Clinton] runs for the White House is an unprecedented and unacceptable conflict of interest that undermines her ability to serve.” The foundation in August announced it would no longer accept corporate or foreign contributions if Hillary Clinton wins the White House and that CGI would come to an end regardless of the election outcome. But even allies worried that this year's conference was an unforced error that served only to cede the spotlight to the wrong Clinton just as the Democratic nominee needs to promote her own case to voters. “They would have been better off postponing it this year,” said one member of the Democratic National Committee and a Clinton ally. “The foundation has been a negative this year, with concerns about donors seeking influence and access — why shine light on it right before the debate?” One source close to Bill Clinton said putting it off simply wasn’t an option. "They had no choice,” the ally said. “These things are set up long in advance and usually get good press. They never thought it would be such a problem.” The former president seemed determined to turn it into an opportunity to change the narrative. Bill Clinton, close allies said, has been furious about what he sees as the “smearing” of his life’s work, the AIDS relief and the global fight on behalf of women’s rights overshadowed by questions of where the foundation gets its money. And both Clintons, sources said, have been frustrated that Hillary Clinton's Brooklyn-based campaign has not done enough to explain the philanthropic work the charity does at home and abroad, or that its mission is moral, not financial. Throughout the week, the former president was determined to use what may be his final solo spotlight to regain the moral high ground. "In real life, if somebody tells a lie about you, and I find out it is [a lie], I like you more and them less,” Bill Clinton told NPR earlier this week. “In political life, if they just keep on smearing you — even if it all comes to nothing — people will like you less and won't hold anybody accountable for what they say." Sitting down with CNBC in the middle of the day Tuesday, he added: “I've learned already in this election, some people were just subject to a presumption of guilt just because they were participating.” Hillary Clinton’s campaign went on offense too; it highlighted a Washington Post report that Trump used $258,000 of his foundation’s money for his personal legal defense. “Today has provided a stark contrast between the potentially illegal activities of the Trump Foundation and how the Clinton Foundation is improving millions of lives here in the U.S. and around the world,” said Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin. “That's a debate we'll have anytime." The showcase gathering, held annually at the Sheraton near Times Square, typically brings together Fortune 500 CEOs, world leaders, celebrities and nonprofit leaders — a high-wattage assembly that, this year, runs counter to the current populist mood across the country. Even the snacks served catered to the limousine liberal set; vegan “energy squares” made of fig, hazelnut and cacao nibs, and multigrain crisps smeared with almond butter and maple syrup, were served between “breakout sessions.” While Bono and former Victoria’s Secret model Doutzen Kroes took the stage on the opening day alongside leaders like Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, the event seemed slightly more toned down than in previous years — and in some ways more like a Clinton friends-and-family reunion. Some of the participants from previous years, including Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein and Coca-Cola CEO Muhtar Kent, declined invitations this year, a source familiar with the planning said. But former Clinton aide Doug Band attended the opening plenary session. Marjorie Mezvinsky, whose son is married to Chelsea Clinton, flashed iPhone photos of her grandchildren to friends. Stalwart allies including former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, Planned Parenthood CEO Cecile Richards and longtime Clinton friend Melanne Verveer gamely participated in panels, and expressed regret that the organization was winding down. Story Continued Below “The decision has been made,” Verveer, a former Clinton White House aide who now heads up the Georgetown Institute for Women, Peace and Security, said of shutting down CGI. “It’s really bittersweet. There's a sense of nostalgia.” Democrats, meanwhile, have been increasingly incensed at what they see as a double standard applied to the two presidential candidates — especially as more revelations come to light about how Trump ran his own foundation. “No one is saying, ‘Why don’t you put your hotels aside, or your money-making enterprises aside,’” said Dan Pfeiffer, a former top aide to President Barack Obama. “For Hillary Clinton, for some reason, helping deal with AIDS in Africa is something that should be put aside.” From the stage, at least, Bill Clinton was careful not to go down the political, or defensive, road. When London Mayor Sadiq Khan tried to bait him into discussing Trump — “It’s no coincidence that some of those involved in the Brexit campaign are involved in another campaign taking place somewhere else this November,” Khan said — Clinton smiled but kept his mouth shut. Instead, he spent most of his time on stage doing what he can’t do at campaign rallies for his wife: talking at length about his own presidency and his own views of the world. “In my home, I have two beautiful, highly unique samples of large rocks that came out of Bosnia,” he said during one panel. “It’s one of the most geologically interesting places on earth.” Even if the discussion was about old rocks, there was a sense of anxiety hanging over the conference. When asked how she felt about the tightening polls, Verveer winced. “Fingers crossed,” she said.