 GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN FIGHT: WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW -- If Congress doesn’t get its act together, the government shuts down next Friday night. And, perhaps predictably, trouble has sprouted up. The Senate is in the middle of a standoff, of sorts, over a bill to fund the government through December. AP’s Andy Taylor says Democrats are going to block the bill’s passage because it doesn’t include “$220 million to help Flint and other cities with lead emergencies replace pipes and take other steps to clean their water.” http://apne.ws/2cHPI2y Here is how a top Senate Republican and and a top Senate Democratic aide describe the standoff. --THE REPUBLICAN: “Senators wanted a clean CR [continuing resolution] with no poison pills. Senators on both sides of the aisle said that Zika was a crisis that couldn’t wait another day, that Zika was more important than any partisan riders. They wanted a bill that funded these Zika efforts, funded our veterans, addressed the opioid crisis and flood relief for places like Maryland, West Virginia, Texas and Louisiana, and stayed within the budget caps. This 10-week clean CR does all of that -- it’s a fair proposal that contains exactly zero partisan poison-pill riders from either party. And it’s completed in time to finish our work before funding runs out at the end of the month -- as long as Democrats don’t filibuster. Again. “Every rider that Democrats offered as an excuse for opposing the bill is gone. To now bring us to the brink of a government shutdown over a provision that’s not even in the bill, and that was funded elsewhere, would take obstruction to an obscene new level. Democrats will now have several days to hear from their constituents. And then they’ll have a chance on Tuesday to move forward on this bipartisan funding bill. We certainly hope they put our veterans, our troops, Zika victims and families torn apart by opioid abuse above petty politics.” --THE DEMOCRAT: “Senator McConnell made a huge miscalculation pulling out of negotiations and putting this partisan bill on the floor, and Republican Senators are going to have a tough time explaining why they want to give help to anywhere but Flint. This is quickly turning into the nightmare scenario that Republicans wanted to avoid -- they’re going to be four days away from a government shutdown over their insistence on providing aid everywhere but Flint, just six short weeks before the election.” --WHAT WE THINK: You think this is bad? Come on! It’s not really in anyone’s interest to shut down the government less than two months before Election Day. Nobody is predicting that this is going to lead to a shutdown. They have a week -- the government doesn’t shut down until next Friday -- and Congress rarely does anything until it absolutely has to. **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX Happy Friday! We’re 46 days (http://bit.ly/2cqau5Q) away from Election Day, and things are mostly quiet. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have both had relatively slow weeks, and everyone is ramping up for their showdown at Long Island’s Hofstra University Monday night. Jake and Anna will be there, so PLEASE reach out with any fun spotteds and gossip. Today is the LAST day of the Playbook food truck. Thank you to those who have come out, talked with us and grabbed a free cup of coffee and breakfast. We had a great time Thursday morning Snapchatting with GOP Sens. Steve Daines (Mont.), Mike Rounds (S.D.) and James Lankford (Okla.). This morning we are near Farragut Square at 1700 K Street, NW and will be there until 10 a.m. Here’s a Facebook Live we did from the truck Thursday:  http://bit.ly/2dmcL4o POLLS! -- SUFFOLK: FLORIDA -- Donald Trump 45, Hillary Clinton 44, Gary Johnson 3, Jill Stein 1 http://bit.ly/2cWwxni … QUINNIPIAC: IOWA -- Donald Trump 44, Hillary Clinton 37 http://bit.ly/2cHSOUy … QUINNIPIAC: COLORADO Hillary Clinton 44, Donald Trump 42, Gary Johnson 10, Jill Stein 2 http://bit.ly/2cHSOUy … QUINNIPIAC: VIRGINIA: Hillary Clinton 45, Donald Trump 39 http://bit.ly/2cHSOUy … ROCKY MOUNTAIN PBS: COLORADO -- Hillary Clinton 41, Donald Trump 34 http://bit.ly/2dmaGp1 … NYT/SIENA: NORTH CAROLINA -- Donald Trump 41, Hillary Clinton 41 http://nyti.ms/2dewLoQ. --JUST POSTED: MCCLATCHY/MARIST: NATIONAL: Hillary Clinton 48, Donald Trump 41. http://bit.ly/2d9n27m INSIDE THE CAMPAIGNS -- NOTHING TO SEE HERE -- Over the last few weeks, Hillary Clinton’s top surrogates have worked to tamp down Democratic unease on Capitol Hill and K Street after the former secretary of state fell ill, and polls tightened. Senior communications adviser Mandy Grunwald, director of strategic communications and surrogates Adrienne Elrod and political director Amanda Renteria have all met with Democratic consultants, lobbyists and lawmakers in recent weeks with a message: remain calm. A Clinton campaign aide said the D.C. briefings have been going on since June 2015. THE LATEST IN CHARLOTTE -- “Family, police see different tale in same video,” by the Charlotte Observer’s Mark Washburn, Jim Morrill and Adam Bell: “Two narratives of the police videos showing the fatal shooting of a Charlotte man emerged Thursday – one from police saying the shots appeared justified, another from the family of Keith Lamont Scott saying he was killed while walking backward, hands at his side. ‘After watching the videos,’ said Justin Bamberg, an attorney for Scott’s relatives, ‘the family again has more questions than answers.’ … Scott’s demeanor was calm and nonaggressive, said Bamberg, who called upon CMPD to release the videos publicly in the name of transparency. “‘While police did give him several commands,’ the attorney said, ‘he did not aggressively approach them or raise his hands at members of law enforcement at any time.’...‘It was incredibly difficult for members of the Scott family to view these videos, but as a matter of the greater good and transparency,’ Bamberg said, ‘the Scott family asks that the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department publicly immediately release both of the videos they watched today.’ Charlotte-Mecklenburg police Chief Kerr Putney said he reviewed the videos and they do not ‘give me absolute, definitive visual evidence that will confirm a person was pointing a gun. I did not see that in the video.’ But Putney said the ‘totality’ of the evidence supports the police conclusion that officers confronting Scott faced an imminent, deadly threat. Putney said the videos would not be released because, among other reasons, it might infringe upon a parallel state investigation into the shooting.” http://bit.ly/2cWATui … Charlotte Observer A1  http://politi.co/2cLXfPU -- NYT’s Richard Fausset and Alan Blinder in Charlotte on A1: “Fatal Shooting by Police Shakes Charlotte’s Self-Image”: “This has always been a place that has prided itself on order, consensus and a can-do corporate mentality that turned a locale with no real geographic reason to exist into one of the hemisphere’s financial dynamos. It has also gained a reputation for racial amity, from its nationally recognized commitment to busing and integrated schools in the 1970s and ’80s, to the election of Harvey Gantt in 1983 as one of the South’s first prominent black mayors. But the fatal police shooting on Tuesday of a black resident, Keith Lamont Scott, and the protests that have followed are among numerous bumps and jolts that have shaken Charlotte’s sense of itself recently as it emerged from a successful small city to a more complicated larger one.” http://nyti.ms/2d5pusP OBAMA on the violent protests in Charlotte: “The way we change the system requires to be able to reach out and engage the broader American community and that requires being peaceful, that requires being thoughtful about what are the specific reforms you’re looking for,” in an interview with ABC “Good Morning America” co-anchor Robin Roberts. “[The] overwhelming majority of people who have been concerned about police-community relations [are] doing it the right way … Every once in a while you see folks doing it the wrong way … I think it's important to separate out the pervasive sense of frustration among a lot of African Americans about shootings of people and the sense that justice is not always color blind.” http://abcn.ws/2cKSdDC DEPT OF DARK ARTS -- “Key lawmakers accuse Russia of campaign to disrupt U.S. election,” by WaPo’s Greg Miller: “Two senior Democratic lawmakers with access to classified intelligence on Thursday accused Russia of ‘making a serious and concerted effort to influence the U.S. election,’ a charge that appeared aimed at putting pressure on the Obama administration to confront Moscow. The jointly issued statement from Sen. Dianne Feinstein and Rep. Adam B. Schiff — Californians who are the ranking Democrats on the Senate and House intelligence committees, respectively — described recent cyber penetrations of the [DNC] and other U.S. political entities as intrusions that were likely directed by Russian President Vladi­mir Putin. ‘At the least, this effort is intended to sow doubt about the security of our election and may well be intended to influence the outcomes,’ the statement said. ‘We believe that orders for the Russian intelligence agencies to conduct such actions could come only from very senior levels of the Russian government.’” http://wapo.st/2cHYygI --“White House Contractor’s Leaked Email Reveals Secret Service Plans, Michelle Obama Passport” – NBC News: http://nbcnews.to/2deDSxT SILICON VALLEY WATCH -- “Yahoo Says Information on at Least 500 Million User Accounts Was Stolen,” by WSJ’s Robert McMillan: “Yahoo Inc. is blaming ‘state-sponsored’ hackers for what may be the largest-ever theft of personal user data. The internet company, which has agreed to sell its core business to Verizon Communications Inc., said Thursday that hackers penetrated its network in late 2014 and stole personal data on more than 500 million users. The stolen data included names, email addresses, dates of birth, telephone numbers and encrypted passwords, Yahoo said. Yahoo said it believes that the hackers are no longer in its corporate network. The company said it didn’t believe that unprotected passwords, payment-card data or bank-account information had been affected.” http://on.wsj.com/2cwQnqg HAPPENING TODAY -- Hillary Clinton has no events scheduled. Tim Kaine is campaigning in Houston. Donald Trump and Mike Pence have no events scheduled. CLICKER – “Between Two Ferns With Zach Galifianakis: Hillary Clinton” – 6-min. video  http://bit.ly/2dfCxLn NEW CLINTON AD -- “Mirrors” -- Ad opens with a series of young girls looking in the mirror. SCRIPT: Donald Trump speaking: “I’d look her right in that fat ugly face of hers...She’s a slob … She ate like a pig … A person who’s flat-chested is very hard to be a 10...Does she have a good body? No. Does she have a fat [expletive]? Absolutely.” Interviewer asking Trump, “Do you treat women with respect?” Trump: “I can’t say that either.” Text at the end of the ad on screen reads, “Is this the president we want for our daughters?” http://bit.ly/2d2qyeM “Donald Trump’s English-only campaign,” by Shane Goldmacher: “With 46 days until the November elections, and as early voting begins in a handful of states, Trump is on the precipice of becoming the only major-party presidential candidate this century not to reach out to millions of American voters whose dominant, first or just preferred language is Spanish. Trump has not only failed to buy any Spanish-language television or radio ads, he so far has avoided even offering a translation of his website into Spanish, breaking with two decades of bipartisan tradition.” http://politi.co/2d9ksOC -- “On Campaign Call, Clinton Latino Supporters Air Concerns On Youth Support And Ads,” by BuzzFeed’s Adrian Carrasquillo: “A Clinton campaign call with Latino supporters took on new seriousness Thursday regarding the support of young voters and state of Spanish-language advertising, reflecting concerns with tightening poll numbers in the campaign’s final weeks. ‘I’ve had concerns for a while,’ said one participant on the call who speaks with donors. ‘It feels like it’s a little late to be coming now with this stuff but hopefully they’ve course corrected.’ What’s coming is a new Spanish-language ad push announced on the call. That announcement follows skittish Democrats chastising the campaign in a Washington Post report for starting a concerted advertising campaign later than President Obama did in his 2012 race. ‘We will have more to say soon, but the campaign will continue to advertise on Spanish TV and radio, as well as targeting Latino households through TV in English until election day,’ a Clinton aide told BuzzFeed News.” http://bzfd.it/2cW326C WHAT BROOKLYN IS READING -- “Inside Hillary Clinton's debate prep,” by Annie Karni and Glenn Thrush: “No secret on the Clinton campaign has been more closely guarded than the identity of the person who is impersonating Trump in the closed-door sessions staged at Clinton's Manhattan office and at her home in Chappaqua. Clinton’s advisers, in conversations over the last month, have repeatedly emphasized that the mock debate session, while important, is less vital than the informal law school sessions where Clinton hashes out her reactions and attacks ... “Several Democrats who have spoken to the participants tell POLITICO that the main person playing the role of interlocutor -- up until this weekend anyway, where there will be a real Trump stand-in -- was campaign chairman John Podesta, a sharp-tongued veteran operator known less for bluster than behind-the-curtain scheme-spinning. The wiry Podesta is quick on his feet, and is famous for a lashing tongue when angry. The buttoned-down, courtly [Ron] Klain has also stood in parrying questions with Clinton, according to people close to the situation - but both men have been less concerned with imitating Trump than preparing Clinton for the substance of the attacks, two keen attorneys framing Clinton’s reactions in the precise, disciplined language their lawyerly candidate thrives on.” http://politi.co/2cqb57L -- “Clinton Seeks Big Jump in Estate Tax: Plan would levy 65% tax on largest estates—up from today’s 40% — and make it harder for wealthy people to pass assets on to heirs tax-free,” by WSJ tax master Rich Rubin: “The proposals mark an expansion of the tax increases Mrs. Clinton would impose on the uppermost sliver of America’s affluent. The increase in estate and gift taxes and other new items Mrs. Clinton detailed Thursday follow two ideas central to her campaign. First, she pairs proposed spending increases and tax cuts with tax increases to prevent projected budget deficits from growing. And she targets tax increases at the top of the income and wealth scale. “The latest proposals would generate $260 billion over the next decade, enough to pay for her plans to simplify small-business taxes and expand the child tax credit, according to the nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, which advocates fiscal restraint. In all, Mrs. Clinton would raise taxes by about $1.5 trillion over the next decade to pay for expanded education assistance, paid family leave and other programs. She would increase federal revenue by about 4%, though the added burden would be concentrated on relatively few households.” http://on.wsj.com/2csHcsb --FRANK LUNTZ on Time.com, “How Hillary Clinton Can Defeat Donald Trump in the First Debate”: “Your mission is to demonstrate that every time he talks on the global stage, his words could defile the office, embarrass the country and, yes, even provoke a war. Our polling couldn’t be clearer: If the election is a referendum on Trump, you win. ... Put him on trial. Rattle him. When he is challenged, he hits back. He loses control. He says dumb stuff. So push his buttons and compel him to reveal to the world that he is not qualified for the job.”  http://ti.me/2cy83Sa ... Luntz’s advice for Trump http://ti.me/2dfugra MICHAEL ISIKOFF on Yahoo, “The birth of a candidacy: Did the president’s mockery propel Trump into the race?”: “It was a painful moment for Donald Trump. As he sat in his tuxedo at the 2011 White House Correspondents’ Dinner, President Obama mercilessly mocked him as a loony conspiracy theorist. ... But it may also have been a transformative moment, according to a new ‘Frontline’ documentary on the presidential race, called ‘The Choice 2016,’ which airs next Tuesday night on PBS. ‘I think that is the night that he resolves to run for president,’ Roger Stone, a longtime Trump adviser and confidant, says in the film. ‘I think that he is kind of motivated by it. “Maybe I’ll just run. Maybe I’ll show them all.”’ ... “Omarosa Manigault, the former ‘Apprentice’ star who now serves as director of African-American outreach for the Trump campaign, notes [that] ... as the president ‘kept going and going and he just kept hammering him,’ Trump’s mood changed, she says. His face became ‘incredibly serious. He just put on a poker face.’ And by the time the skewering was over, she suggests, Trump wanted payback. ... ‘It’s everyone who’s ever doubted Donald, whoever disagreed, whoever challenged him. It is the ultimate revenge to become the most powerful man in the universe.’”  http://yhoo.it/2cq5RZy ... Preview clip  http://to.pbs.org/2cq6zWF 2016 PLAYERS -- “Sources: Top GOP budget aide working on Trump transition team,” by Tony Romm, Andrew Restuccia and Nancy Cook: “Eric Ueland, a veteran Republican Capitol Hill aide and top staffer on the Senate Budget Committee, is advising Donald Trump’s presidential transition team ... Ueland is the Republican staff director on the Budget Committee, a position he has held since 2013.”  http://politi.co/2cHPCbk KATIE COURIC interviewed TIM KAINE in Reno, Nev. -- Kaine on whether expectations for Clinton in the Presidential debate are too high – “I’ve worried about it. I think maybe we’re coming into a place where both candidates ought to really be challenged the same way, but Donald’s been able to get away with some things that Hillary couldn’t — frankly, nobody could. Nobody, nobody could get away with not releasing their tax returns in a Presidential race. I don’t know why Donald has been allowed to get away with that.” Full interview  http://yhoo.it/2cR1wFk BATTLE FOR CONGRESS -- “Ayotte creates distance from GOP in tight re-election bid,” by AP’s Kathleen Ronayne in Manchester: “Watching Sen. Kelly Ayotte campaign for re-election in New Hampshire, you wouldn’t always know she’s a Republican. She highlights her support for a plan by President Barack Obama’s administration to cut carbon emissions that Republicans loathe, and she talks up bipartisanship, at times not even mentioning her own party. Although she’s in line with the GOP in cutting federal funds for Planned Parenthood, Ayotte focuses her women’s health message on increasing access to over-the-counter birth control and mammograms. Running in 5Ks and helping take out trash at a town dump, Ayotte tries to project an image of an average mom rather than the ideologue that Democratic challenger Gov. Maggie Hassan paints her as. ‘I don’t assume one party has all the answers,’ Ayotte declares in a television ad that aired last month.” http://apne.ws/2d55wA6 FOR YOUR RADAR -- MSNBC “Morning Joe” exclusive interview with Turkish President Recep Erdoğan debuting this morning. From Ayman Mohyeldin’s interview: “No political figure has the luxury of embracing a negative attitude towards the followers of a certain faith. And it should not be exercised for the sake of political advantage or political competitiveness. I’ve been the prime minister of all beliefs and all faiths and ethnicities in my country.” On the Syrian cease-fire: “Well unfortunately, it is a stillborn baby.” ... On the aid convoy attack: “The killer responsible for that attack is Assad’s regime itself. And this bombing was performed by Assad’s regime at the end of which we have, once again, clearly seen the character, the identity of Assad’s regime in Syria.” STATE OF THE ART -- “Now you can register to vote in Snapchat,” by Mashable’s Kerry Flynn: “The mobile storytelling app is running a public service campaign in partnership with nonprofit Democracy Works’ TurboVote that encourages voter registration and allows users to check their eligibility and register all within Snapchat. Any Snapchat user in the U.S. who is 18 and older and therefore eligible to vote can see the video ads between Snapchat Stories and Discover that direct to a voter registration mobile webpage within the app that’s powered by TurboVote. The campaign began on Sept. 15 and lasts until Oct. 7.” http://on.mash.to/2d27HRd PER SNAPCHAT – The PSA campaign is featuring “celebrity partners like Jared Leto and Jimmy Fallon. ... On any given day, Snapchat reaches more than 40 percent of all 18-34 year olds in the US, making it a particularly important platform for both candidates.” -- “Facebook is using its News Feed to steer people on its platform to register for the November election. Today, the tech company launched posts which run through Monday to remind people across the country to register through vote.usa.gov. After completing their registration, people can let their friends on Facebook know that they are registered and encourage them to register too. Facebook’s registration reminders add to its suite of voter features, which has included Election Day reminders since 2008. The reminders will go out to those on the social network who are 18 and up, which with its broad popularity could mean significant spikes in registration nationwide.” JOSH EARNEST on a special edition of GQ’s “The Closer with Keith Olbermann”: “The success that our country has enjoyed over the last seven-and-a-half years didn’t happen by accident. Our economic recovery was led by the success of the private sector, there’s no argument about that. But those successes would not have been possible without smart government policies ... I don’t want to downplay the stakes in the election. The President has spoken to this quite directly himself. Democracy is on the ballot. Hope is on the ballot. The kinds of values that we cherish, the kinds of values that make our country great, are on the ballot.” http://bit.ly/2cVSa8E MEDIAWATCH -- “Legendary News Anchor Dan Rather Launches New Show on SiriusXM”: “The veteran journalist will debut his weekly program Dan Rather’s America on Tuesday, September 27 at 10:00 a.m. ET. The one-hour show will broadcast from SiriusXM’s New York headquarters in Rockefeller Center.”  http://politi.co/2cq7irc --DYLAN BYERS, “Lester Holt takes the spotlight as moderator of first debate”: “On Monday, the NBC Nightly News anchor will preside over what may be the most highly anticipated presidential debate in American history ... It is an immense responsibility, and opportunity, for a man who once seemed destined to spend his career as NBC’s quiet journeyman, working in the shadow of Brian Williams with no guarantee of his own time in the spotlight. But it is a responsibility Holt deserves and is extremely well-equipped to handle, several of his current and former colleagues said. To hear them tell it, Holt is one of the most focused, hardworking and modest personalities in television news -- the ideal candidate to moderate a presidential debate.” http://cnnmon.ie/2dfF1JG --VANITY FAIR’S Sarah Ellison tick tocks Roger Ailes’ final days: http://bit.ly/2deIUdD --Traffic magazine, a new publication about data, media, and money, has launched, with its first print issue and a website. Patrick Appel, formerly of Politico Magazine and Andrew Sullivan’s Dish blog, is editor in chief. www.trafficmagazine.com ... Request a copy of the first issue http://bit.ly/2cynE4l FROM THE INAUGURAL ISSUE -- “Mo Pageviews, Mo Problems,” by Ryan Chittum: “The internet helped the media build bigger audiences than ever. Why aren’t those readers worth anything?” http://bit.ly/2csFRBQ --“Who’s LOLing Now?” by Noah Davis: “How the most innovative media companies make bank from your mailbox.” http://bit.ly/2d2oNyn THE PLAYBOOK INTERVIEW: Steve Hilton Steve Hilton, who was once director of strategy for former U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, now spends his time trying to disrupt American politics. The co-founder and CEO of Crowdpac, a nonpartisan political crowdfunding startup that aims help citizens engage in politics through data and online tools, is trying to shake up the cottage industry of ballot measures. The group is releasing a new tool that allows users to contribute money to specific ballot measures on issues like gun control, raising the minimum wage, charter schools and legalizing marijuana in multiple states. http://bit.ly/2cQJD9I “We’re taking something that is a really big feature of politics and the way issues are handled at the state level and right across the country, which is ballot measures, which is often the way important changes on issues that people care about actually happen, and we’re trying to demystify that process and make it easier for people to understand what’s going on and participate directly,” Hilton said. Change in politics happens by working within the system: “There has been this slightly naïve and perhaps arrogant view that technology can completely reinvent the political system and the way that government and politics works, which is ridiculous … The challenge is to get people involved in the system we have.” Ballot measures are more reliable than candidates: “A lot of people are driven by an interest by one particular issue or a small number of specific issues rather than a candidate or a party or something broader … The fact is on certain issues it is through ballot measures that they are advanced, or not advanced depending on whether the ballot measure is passed.” Trump, Sanders are just the beginning: “[There’s] a real sense of a grassroots desire to run for office and to do it without the party machines. We’re getting a lot of incoming requests actually aiming for the next cycle — whether that’s local council or state legislature… I definitely feel you could see in the next cycle a really big increase in the number of challengers to the establishment candidates running in primaries at all levels, particularly state and local.” SPOTTED: Dave Grohl last night at Le Diplomate. FIRST IN PLAYBOOK -- Steve Tilton is returning to PhRMA as vice president in the drug lobby’s massive operation. The move is part of a major overhaul of the trade group’s nearly $20 million lobbying presence. Tilton, who most recently lobbied at Crossroads Strategies, was a House Energy and Commerce Committee staffer. TIM BARNICLE (Mike’s son) and Harry Hill have a new podcast, called “How I Got Here” (HIGH). The first episode features Tom Brokaw. http://bit.ly/2d9fGAQ OUT AND ABOUT – Last night the Hudson Institute hosted its 2016 Herman Kahn Award dinner, presented to PM Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel at Plaza Hotel, NYC. SPOTTED: Henry and Nancy Kissinger, former Sen. Joe Lieberman and Hadassah Lieberman, Hudson’s CEO Ken Weinstein, COO John Walters (Bush 43 Drug Czar), Elaine Chao, Scooter Libby, Walter Russell Mead, US Amb. to Israel Dan Shapiro, Israeli Amb. to USA Ron Dermer, WSJ’s Melanie Kirkpatrick and Daniel Henninger, Fox’s Kimberly Guilfoyle, Charlie and Lisa Spies, 76ers Owner Josh Harris and wife Marjorie Harris, Former Rep. Nan Hayworth of New York, Fmr Pakistani Ambassador to USA Husain Haqqani, Roger Hertog. --Journos and politicos at Hawthorne on U Street toasted HuffPost Hill’s Eliot Nelson last night at a book party for “The Beltway Bible: A Totally Serious A-Z Guide to Our No-Good, Corrupt, Incompetent, Terrible, Depressing, and Sometimes Hilarious Government.” The shindig was held just above a fundraiser for Francis Rooney, a Republican running in a safe GOP seat in Florida. $13.49 on Amazon http://amzn.to/2d4X2sR SPOTTED: Sam Stein, Jim Manley, Byron Tau, Anu Rangappa, Ryan Grim, Sahil Kapur, Sabrina Siddiqui, Carolyn Fiddler, Amanda Terkel, Greg Sargent, David Segal, Murshed Zaheed, Tim Miller, Doug Andres, Adam Green, Hannah Muldavin, Alex De Luca, Craig Gordon, Sarah Wheaton, Eli Yokley, Cate Martel, Danny Vinik, Asawin Suebsaeng, Ben Freed, Elaina Plott, Katie Glueck, Amy Nathan. --Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz had a 50th birthday party last night at Whaley’s in Navy Yard. In true South Florida fashion, guests mingled and munched on Surf & Turf in between two evening vote series. SPOTTED: Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand and Bill Nelson, Reps. Dina Titus, Chellie Pingree, Julia Brownley, Kathleen Rice, Nita Lowey, Annie Kuster, Grace Meng, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Patrick Maloney, Susan Davis, Joe Crowley, Barbara Lee, Joyce Beatty, Derek Kilmer, Brenda Lawrence, Jared Polis, Ed Perlmutter, Terri Sewell, Frederica Wilson, Katherine Clark, Lois Frankel, Sheila Jackson Lee, Stacey Plaskett, Bonnie Watson Coleman, Mark Pocan, Jerry McNerney, and Hakeem Jeffries, former Rep. Jim Davis and Philly Mayor Michael Nutter. --“Professor Charles Ogletree of Harvard Law, a professor and mentor of President and Mrs. Obama, was on the Hill for a reception hosted by the Alzheimer’s Association to honor him. He was recently diagnosed with Alzheimer’s Disease and he came to speak about his diagnosis and why he is becoming an advocate with the association.” SPOTTED: Sheila Jackson Lee, Maxine Waters, John Garamendi, Walter Jones, Steve Cohen, Eddie Bernice Johnson, Barbara Lee, John Conyers, Wm. Lacy Clay, Terri Sewell, Paul Tonko, Frederica Wilson, Bobby Scott, Brendan Boyle, Mike Thompson, Brian Higgins. SUNDAY SO FAR: --CBS’ “Face the Nation”: Speaker Paul Ryan, Gov. Mike Pence, and Sen. Bernie Sanders. --ABC’s “This Week”: Kellyanne Conway, British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson ... panel: Alex Castellanos, Matthew Dowd, Maggie Haberman, Jamal Simmons, Katrina vanden Heuvel. --NBC’s “Meet the Press” – panel: Doris Kearns Goodwin, Hugh Hewitt, Gwen Ifill, Mike Murphy --CNN’s “Inside Politics” (hosted by John King) which starting Monday will be on Monday- Friday from 12-1 p.m. until Election Day: Jonathan Martin, Molly Ball, Manu Raju, Jeff Zeleny. -- “Fox News Sunday”: Mike Pence. Power player: Dr. Carla Hayden, Librarian of Congress. Panel: Jerry Seib, Julie Pace, Rachel Campos-Duffy, Juan Williams. BIRTHWEEK (was yesterday): Mary Kalbach Horan, director of publications at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy (h/t Ian Byrne) BIRTHDAYS: Todd Ricketts ... Daisy Schuurman is 41 ... Maria Karl … Sean Spicer, RNC’s chief strategist and comms director and the pride of Barrington, R.I. ... Elise Jordan (h/t Ben Chang) ... Nick Everhart of Content Creative Media and alum of Strategy Group for Media (h/ts Mitch Marczewski and Dan Bayens) ... Kimberly Fritts, CEO of Podesta Group ... Mike Schmidt, NYT’s justice and homeland security reporter ... Amanda Cox, an NYT graphics editor responsible for some of The Times’s most compelling visual journalism – 2013 article on “winning the Internet” http://bit.ly/1FevU3Q ... Advance/events star and #CampThirty founder Abbey Watson is 31 ... SoRelle Wyckoff, Sen. Cornyn’s deputy press secretary, is 26 (Roll Tide!) (h/t Ben Voelkel) ... Ralph Hellmann is 55 ... Bruce “The Boss” Springsteen is 67 ... Sharon Yang, former Obama/Clinton fundraiser and Instagram obsessive, now doing gov’t and politics outreach at Facebook ... Reuters justice correspondent Julia Edwards … Ana Marie Cox, the pride of Lincoln, Neb. ... Politico’s Bernie Becker and Meredith Kirsch ... Todd Metcalf, principal at PwC’s Tax Policy Services and Senate Finance alum, is 46 ... Jonathan Peled, Israeli ambassador to Mexico ... NARAL’s Kelly Sackley (h/t James Owens) ... Naomi Seligman, comms dir for LA Mayor Garcetti (h/t Tim Burger) ... Tom Martin, president and CEO at American Forest Foundation (h/t Jon Haber) ... … Brooke Brogan, senior PR manager at BrandLinkDC ... Close Up Foundation’s Maura O’Brien ... William Ricci of Rhode Island ... former U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay ... Amb. Kristen Silverberg, now managing director and general counsel at the Institute of International Finance … Ken Rynne ... Chamber alum Blair Fowler ... Texan Dustee Tucker … Matt McAlvanah, assistant USTR for public and media affairs and a Patty Murray alum ... Corey Tellaz, LD for Sen. Dick Durbin ... Loretta Solon Greene ... Matt “Butters” Hirsch, a McCain War Room alum ... Katrina Mendiola ... Stan Davis ... Dale Leibach, spending his day dancing at his favorite pizza bar in Sarasota (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) ... speechwriter and ghostwriter Dan Conley is 51 ... Neil Schoolnik is 45 ... Tom Daley ... Julio Iglesias is 72. SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/1M75UbX ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW … Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v ... Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbookhttp://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX