 Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday refused to take a position on Donald Trump’s controversial proposal to increase the use of stop-and-frisk tactics to reduce crime in African-American communities such as Chicago. During a Fox News town hall taped Wednesday, the real estate tycoon said law enforcement should increase its use of stop-and-frisk to curb "black-on-black crime." Story Continued Below “I would do stop-and-frisk,” Trump told Sean Hannity. “We did it in New York, it worked incredibly well. And you have to be proactive.” Ryan — who said earlier this week he hopes the House can pass criminal justice reform during the lame-duck session — deferred when asked about Trump's statements. “I haven’t given enough thought to it,” the Wisconsin Republican said, later adding: “I’m not a Judiciary guy so I would defer to [Judiciary Chairman] Bob Goodlatte about the constitutionality of police tactics. I can’t speak to that.” The New York City Police Department’s stop-and-frisk practices were ruled unconstitutional by a federal court in the summer of 2013 because they were found to be racially discriminatory. Trump's pitch came on the heels of more violence in Charlotte, North Carolina, Wednesday evening, during protests that followed the recent killings of two black men by police in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and Charlotte. North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory declared a state of emergency and one civilian was reported to be on life support after being shot during a protest. On Thursday, Democrats slammed Trump's suggestion. “Donald Trump is a national embarrassment and I’m looking forward to Nov. 8 when this long national nightmare will end,” Rep. Hakeem Jeffries (D-N.Y.) said when asked about Trump’s stop-and-frisk idea. “He constantly throws out things that have no basis in reality.” “The notion that stop and frisk had anything to do with the improving public safety numbers in New York is ludicrous and Donald Trump needs to check his facts," Jeffries added. Another New York Democrat, Rep. Gregory Meeks, said Trump's rhetoric was really about mobilizing his base, not appealing to black voters.  “This is supposed to be his alleged roll out to get closer and get more African American votes," Meeks said. "What Donald Trump is really doing, and he’s done it throughout, he’s tried to present a stereotype of African Americans that fits the description of some of the individuals who support him who are deplorable so that they can turn out in this vote.”