 Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are deadlocked in three swing states, according to a new set of polls, underscoring the stakes of Monday night’s debate for the final stretch of the election. The former secretary of state holds narrow leads in Florida, Iowa and North Carolina, all within the polls’ margins of error, with Clinton only well ahead of Trump in Virginia in this set of the surveys. A Florida Chamber of Commerce poll puts the Democratic nominee just two points ahead of her GOP rival, 43 percent to 41 percent, with the state’s likely voters. Gary Johnson, the Libertarian candidate, polled at 8 percent, while the Green Party’s Jill Stein did not register any support. In a head-to-head race that excludes Johnson, Clinton's lead grows by a point, 45 percent to 42 percent. In North Carolina, Clinton’s advantage over Trump among likely voters is just a single point, according to a High Point University poll. The former secretary of state leads Trump 43 percent to 42 percent, with Johnson polling at 10 percent. Stein is not on the ballot in North Carolina. The two-way presidential race is closest in Iowa, where a Loras College poll puts Clinton’s lead over Trump at just three-tenths of a point, 42.3 percent to 42 percent. The Manhattan billionaire edges slightly ahead in a four-way race, leading 38.3 percent to 37.7 percent over the Democratic nominee. Johnson earned the support of 9 percent of respondents while Stein polled at 1.2 percent. The best news for Clinton came from Virginia, where a Christopher Newport University poll put her ahead by 10 points, 48 percent to 38 percent, among that state’s likely voters. The state was also the strongest for Johnson, who polled at 15 percent in a five-way race that also included Stein (3 percent) and independent candidate Evan McMullin (3 percent). Clinton’s advantage over Trump in that five-way race dropped to six points, 39 percent to 33 percent. In POLITICO’s Battleground States Polling Average, which includes 11 swing states, Clinton still edges Trump 43.7 percent to Trump’s 40.9 percent. The Florida Chamber of Commerce poll was conducted from Sept. 15-20, reaching 617 likely voters in that state with a margin of error of plus-or-minus 4 percent. The High Point University poll reached 404 North Carolinian likely voters from Sept. 17-22, with a margin of error of plus-or-minus 4.9 points. Loras College’s poll of Iowan likely voters was conducted from Sept. 20-22, reaching 491 respondents with a margin of error of plus-or-minus 4.4 percent. The Christopher Newport University poll was in the field from Sept. 15-23, reaching 1,003 likely voters in Virginia. Its margin of error is plus-or-minus 3.9 percent.