 Bill Clinton doesn’t want his life's work to fade quietly into the night. In a personal speech defending his legacy at the Clinton Global Initiative — from its humble roots in his Harlem office to the international, star-studded conference it has become — the former president pleaded with the crowd Wednesday evening that the work couldn't end. “You have to keep this alive,” he said. Story Continued Below But in its current version, Clinton's organization is dying. The former president's speech marked the official end of CGI, a glitzy, 12-year-old conference that convened Fortune 500 CEOs, movie stars, world leaders and nonprofit do-gooders in New York City during the United Nations meeting. There, they forged partnerships and made commitments to collaborate on projects such as saving elephants, improving AIDS relief in Africa and fighting for women’s rights across the globe. But with political pressure mounting as Election Day draws closer, the former president announced last month that the Clinton Foundation would stop accepting foreign and corporate donations if Hillary Clinton is elected president and that the annual CGI conference would cease its operations regardless of the outcome Nov. 8. In what aides billed as a swan song for the Big Dog, Clinton touted his organization as “a profound advance in the conduct and impact of modern philanthropy.” Clinton, allies said, has been frustrated that the work he has devoted more than a decade of his life to has become what he thinks is a “smeared” political target in the 2016 race. The initiative and its parent organization, the Clinton Foundation, have been the target of regular attacks from Republicans on the campaign trail, who allege that Hillary Clinton offered special treatment as secretary of state to individuals and nations who donated to the family’s charity. A series of emails from longtime Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin obtained by the conservative group Judicial Watch through a Freedom of Information Act request appeared to show increased access to the former secretary of state and other power brokers for Clinton Foundation donors — a suggestion that the Democratic nominee’s campaign has unequivocally denied. The former president saw the final CGI meeting that concluded Wednesday evening as his best opportunity to change the narrative and explain himself. In a speech he was writing himself until the last minute, Clinton detailed the work CGI has done both in the U.S. and abroad, defending his post-presidential legacy to date. The partners that worked together, he said, were “united only by a common mind-set, the belief that everyone has something to give and the obligation to give it, the belief that our actions really can make a difference and that as 21st century citizens, we all have a moral obligation to at least get caught trying to do that.” The former president, who was introduced by his daughter, said the initiative’s beginnings are rooted in Harlem, where Bill Clinton first set out simply to be a good neighbor and help the businesses surrounding his post-administration office. He reminisced about raising money to rebuild rural parts of India after an earthquake and raising money for college for children of victims of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. Overall, CGI has helped 435 million people in 180 countries, Clinton said. “You are living proof that good people committed to creative cooperation have almost unlimited positive impact to help people today and give our kids better tomorrows,” he said. “I have spent the past 15 years of my life trying to advance that idea.” “This is all that does work in the modern world. People may tell you you’re making incremental change,” he added. “But look back after 11 years and see what the aggregate is. There’s nothing incremental about helping 435 million people in 180 countries.” He made no explicit mention of his wife’s campaign or her opponent, Donald Trump, but his message dovetailed with what the Democratic nominee was saying on the stump in Orlando: that “love trumps hate.” “You have to cultivate a culture of possibility,” Bill Clinton said. “You have to know we can do more together than apart.”