 The Islamic State and its supporters shocked North America and Europe over the past year with a series of attacks, sowing public fear and becoming the top security issue in the U.S. presidential election. Journalist Rukmini Callimachi has become an indispensable guide to understanding the group—and cutting through the fog of misinformation from politicians. We asked Graeme Wood, a journalist known for his own groundbreaking Atlantic cover story tracing the Islamic State’s intellectual roots, to talk with Callimachi about what it’s like to try to penetrate one of the world’s most dangerous and shadowy organizations—and what we’re still getting wrong. Graeme Wood: We’re still shocked and surprised by what ISIS does, even though this has been going on for years. The continued shock is partly due to their violence, but I wonder if it might be partly our fault, as journalists, for failing to help the public understand ISIS. What are we doing wrong? Rukmini Callimachi: The systemic failure in the media in covering ISIS is that the majority of reporters are doing it in a semaphore fashion. Their main entree to the group is what U.S. officials and analysts say, and they’re not contacting members of the terror group or really studying its propaganda. I can’t think of any other beat where we do that. If we cover a court case involving a murderer, we would still seek out the side of that murderer, even as we realize that what people say is going to be self-serving. Wood: You’ve now interacted with many ISIS people—including in person. What do they have in common? Callimachi: First, I would say, is ideology. I have never spoken to any member of these groups, not just ISIS, but also Al Qaeda, Shabab, etc., who wasn’t driven by the ideology. Beyond that, a lot of people are wounded in some way—they’ve fallen out of society in some manner. So the Sunday school teacher in Washington state, who in three months converted online and was planning for travel to the Islamic State, had been born with fetal alcohol syndrome, couldn’t hold down a job, had very few friends. You see an emptiness at the core of this person. All of the ones I’ve spoken to seem to have veered off course from lives we consider acceptable and successful. Of course, there are others like Osama bin Laden, who was a wealthy and successful businessperson. Wood: Why do they talk to you? Callimachi: It’s become extremely difficult to speak to active ISIS members now. I was speaking to them in 2015, and the last one was killed in a drone strike. So now, if I’m speaking to them, it’s after they’ve defected. Of course there is self-selection there, because these are people who became disaffected. Wood: Do you think it helps that you’re a woman? Callimachi: It’s a double-edged sword. I’ve had countless jihadis shut me down straightaway and say, “I’m not allowed to speak to any woman who is not my relative.” But among the few I’m able to get through to, I think that being female makes me more approachable, soft, all the stereotypes of what female means. Wood: What are the biggest remaining mysteries? What are the things we need to know that would really help us understand the group? Callimachi: I’m really curious as to the actual structure of the Emni [the intelligence unit that handles foreign attacks]. And Abu Muhammad al-Adnani, the head of it. There are so few pictures of him. We don’t even really know what he looks like. For somebody with this outsized influence projecting murder abroad, you’d think that we would know a lot more by now. And then the role of the hostages. One of ISIS’ biggest propaganda coups was the beheadings of the aid workers and journalists. Is [Emni], the group that is exporting fighters overseas, also the one that was holding James Foley and John Cantlie and Kayla Mueller? Wood: In one frightening quote, a jailed ISIS supporter tells you he thinks the number of ISIS operatives who have been sent to Europe is in the hundreds. Why haven’t we seen more attacks? Callimachi: You have to keep in mind that there’s a number of logistical hurdles that they have to jump through in Europe in order to get explosives or guns. So for example, the Villejuif shooter in April 2015 who planned to attack a church: According to French press reports, he was instructed by ISIS to go to a sandwich shop, and the weapons would be waiting for him in a car parked outside. He was just told the make of the car, told to go there, told to pick them up. Putting that kind of attack together, using encrypted communications or other means, is not easy. But during the height of Ramadan, I was covering one or two attacks a week. These are people willing to die. Wood: One change we’ve seen is a dramatic increase in body counts per attack. For a long time, they were very low, with many attacks killing no one but the attacker, but now with Paris, Orlando and Nice, the numbers are much higher. Do you think that ISIS is planning a spectacular attack, along the September 11 model—or would that be too risky for them, too likely to be detected? Callimachi: They’re implementing what was the strategy of Al Qaeda, which was to have attacks of different levels simultaneously. … So the idea is, on the one hand you have these spectacular attacks that take months to plan, and others like Reda Hame, a French national, who went to Syria and was there for about a week, given a couple of days of target practice and one day of encryption training, sent back and arrested almost immediately. And then there are the ones inspired solely through digital means, through the group reaching out through its propaganda and inciting them to attack. From what we are seeing, they are trying to do all three at the same time. It seems to me that a 9/11-style attack is impractical. They’d be putting in so many resources and so much time—but they can get the same horrific results from a guy with a truck. The death count is not the same, but the emotional impact for people in France was significant, and it took just a rental-car contract. Wood: We’ve both written about ISIS’ habit of justifying its actions with religious argument. What’s the best evidence for and against the view that a religious vision is at the core of what ISIS is doing? Callimachi: People who have left the group talk about how a religious inspiration took them to ISIS. It was their feeling of being marginalized as Muslims in the society where they were living, and then buying into the promise of a caliphate and of a Muslim land that is governed as in the time of the prophet. I have yet to meet anybody, or speak to anybody, who was not religiously motivated at some level. There are other things: the excitement of taking part in a war, a sense of belonging. Wood: When you talk to people who have removed themselves from ISIS, what do they say? Callimachi: They say that there comes a moment when the inconsistencies and apparent hypocrisies of their sheikh lets them down, and they begin rereading scripture and find ways that vouch for a nonliteralist reading of the Koran. We know that Muhammad waged war against the Qurayshi tribe, his own tribe, and it’s from that conflict that much of the concept of jihad and verses that ISIS now uses to justify beheadings come from. A young man just told me that he went back and read this carefully [and saw] the prophet and his people were fighting the Quraysh because they were not allowing the prophet and his people to practice their religion. We are now in a society, he said, where the Prophet Muhammad could practice his religion freely. So anyway, I find that interesting, you know: Scripture is also the way out.