 As the coal industry and the Obama administration brace for a potentially momentous legal showdown over climate-change policy at a federal appeals court this week, the industry is mounting part of its argument in an unusual venue: on the radio. For the past few weeks, the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity has been running radio ads focused squarely on Tuesday's oral arguments before a 10-judge, en banc sitting of the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. Story Continued Below "On September 27th the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals has an important decision to make on EPA’s Power Plan. It’s a decision that affects every American’s ability to have affordable energy and jeopardizes every state’s ability to make their own energy policies and it will be a clear violation of the 10th Amendment to the Constitution," a serious-sounding announcer declares as ominous music plays in the background. "It is our duty to uphold the Constitution and say no to EPA’s Power Plan." A video posted online by the same pro-coal group uses similar language, suggesting a need to take action on Tuesday. “On September 27, it is our duty to uphold the Constitution and the people it is designed to protect," the video says. The ads and the video never explain precisely who's being called on to do "our duty," but the EPA plan to limit greenhouse gas emissions from power plants is not going before Congress this week nor is there some referendum. The only people who get to vote Tuesday (or soon thereafter) are 10 of the 11 active judges on the D.C. Circuit. (Chief Judge Merrick Garland has bowed out of hearing cases while his Supreme Court nomination is pending.) Legal ethics rules prohibit lawyers involved in a case from engaging in out-of-court communications with judges under most circumstances. Judges are usually prohibited from initiating or permitting out-of-court contact about a case and are supposed to put such communications on the record when they do occur. The theory behind the rules is that cases should be decided based on written briefs and arguments presented in the courtroom. The American Coalition for Clean Coal Energy is one of the parties challenging the Environmental Protection Agency power-plant rules in the series of cases set to be heard Tuesday during an extraordinary court session planned to stretch for more than three-and-a-half hours, not counting a lunch break. A spokeswoman for the group, Laura Sheehan, said she was not available for an interview Friday. She did not respond to emailed queries about the cost and scope of the ad campaign or the target audience. “The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals’ decision is critically important as it will either put a halt to EPA’s out-of-control regulatory decision making or give it the green light to continue to run roughshod over states’ constitutional rights,” Sheehan said in a statement posted on the group's website. Prominent legal ethics experts said there's little doubt the ads are aimed at influencing the D.C. Circuit judges. "They're obviously aimed at intimidating the court into doing what is politically popular, letting the judges know there will be repercussions if they don't decide it the right way," said Richard Painter,a law professor at the University of Minnesota and a White House ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush. "They're not running these ads aimed at people affected by the administration's position on coal. They're aimed at the judges and their families and friends trying to put the heat on them....This is one more step in the direction of politicizing the courts." Painter said the ads would be improper if lawyers for the parties before the court were involved. "I don't think lawyers litigating the case would have anything to do with this. That would be highly unprofessional," he said. The ads and online video quote renowned Harvard Law Professor Laurence Tribe saying alarmingly that endorsing the administration's crackdown on greenhouse gas emissions would be like "burning the Constitution." The comments come from congressional testimony Tribe offered last year. The group's video actually shows fire appearing to consume the nation's founding document Tribe did not respond to emails asking if he was involved in producing the ads or approved of them. He's set to argue at Tuesday's court session on behalf of coal mining firm Peabody Energy and several others members of the coal-industry coalition running the ads. Some ethics lawyers said the ads are protected by the First Amendment, but may not be a good idea. "The trade group is engaging in free speech. But it risks annoying the judges," said Stephen Gillers, a law professor at New York University. "Assuming that risk is unwise because the judges won't be influenced. I bet the industry's lawyers are themselves chagrined by the campaign. The judges are expected to ignore what they may hear just as they are expected to ignore, [such as] an editorial, and decide based only on the record." Advertising advocating for a specific outcome in a pending court case is highly unusual, but not unprecedented. When the Supreme Court was considering the constitutionality of bans on gay marriage last year, a group of Christian pastors and activists took out a full-page Washington Post ad days before the decision, urging the court not to require states to recognize gay marriage. The court did so anyway, by 5-4 vote. In-person protests related to Supreme Court cases are common, but the court has managed to use its rules to push them off its grounds and onto the adjoining sidewalks. Last year, the D.C. Circuit upheld those rules. The Supreme Court has also upheld a state law that courthouse banned demonstrations near courthouses, even when aimed at judges rather than jurors. Story Continued Below The lengths to which the coal industry is willing to go to try to influence the outcome of this week's arguments may reflect the unusually pivotal role the D.C. Circuit could play in the case—one that may wind up being more critical than the Supreme Court. That's because it seems possible, if not likely, that the shorthanded high court could split 4-4 in the case. If that happens, the D.C. Circuit ruling would stand. On February 9, the Supreme Court voted, 5-4, to halt implementation of the EPA power-plant rules until the D.C. Circuit resolves the case and the justices have a chance to decide whether to take up a virtually-certain petition to review that decision. Four days later, Justice Antonin Scalia was found dead in his room during a trip to a Texas ranch. The earlier vote on the stay application suggests it wouldn't be granted if the issue arose today and suggests—although it is far from certain— that the court could divide along ideological lines on the underlying case.