 MASON CITY, Iowa — Hillary Clinton’s statement that Donald Trump’s incendiary rhetoric aids ISIL’s cause is a “new low” for the Clinton campaign, Mike Pence said on Monday. “The campaign of insults went to a new low this morning,” Pence said of Clinton’s campaign. “Hillary Clinton actually said my running mate’s rhetoric had been ‘seized on by terrorists.’ … And she said Donald Trump’s rhetoric was ‘giving comfort to our adversaries.’” Story Continued Below “Well, Hillary, strength does not give comfort to our adversaries, weakness does,” Pence said. Pence was referring to comments Clinton made Monday in response to attacks in Minnesota, New York and New Jersey. "We know that a lot of the rhetoric we've heard from Donald Trump has been seized on by terrorists, in particular ISIS, because they are looking to make this into a war against Islam rather than a war against jihadists," she told reporters during a statement Clinton has made this claim multiple times during the campaign. When she first leveled the charge in December, Politifact said there was no evidence for it. But after ISIL used a clip of Trump in a video after the group's attack on Brussels, Politifact updated its assessment, calling the claim true. Pence's comments came on the heels of a radio interview with Rush Limbaugh in which Pence said Clinton is oblivious to the threats posed by terrorism and complicit in weakening U.S. law enforcement. “I’m not sure that Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama know that we’re at war,” Pence said. He went on to blame Democrats for a “culture of political correctness that is tying the hands of law enforcement here at home.” Pence spoke to Limbaugh on the phone from his plane on the tarmac in Mason City, Iowa, where he's appearing at a town hall event ahead of a rally in Dubuque. He also slammed White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest for suggesting that the US and ISIL are engaged in a “narrative fight” and took issue with Clinton’s statement earlier Monday that Donald Trump’s fiery rhetoric aids ISIL. “The only thing that gives comfort to our adversaries is weakness,” Pence said. The Saturday explosions in New Jersey and New York appear to be unrelated to the Minnesota attack, officials say. The Minnesota assailant stabbed nine people before being killed by police. ISIL has taken responsibility for the attack. The Saturday night bombing in New York wounded 29 people, while the earlier explosion in New Jersey before a charity race caused no injuries. An Afghan immigrant believed to be tied to the bombings was arrested in New Jersey on Monday after a gunfight with police. “We are at war with radical Islamic terrorism,” Pence told Limbaugh. “We are at war with the ISIS caliphate.”