 President Barack Obama and Donald Trump are alike in at least one regard, according to former CIA Director Michael Hayden. "You know, last week I mentioned there was difference in language between Mr. Trump and President Obama. You know, there's not a whole lot of difference between the Obama administration's retrenchment and Mr. Trump's America First. There are common themes there," Hayden said Wednesday on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" during a discussion of Obama's final United Nations address. Story Continued Below Hayden, who served as CIA director under George W. Bush from 2006-2009 and briefly under Obama, remarked on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" that the last Republican president "probably would have been challenged to make a speech so eloquent as President Obama’s yesterday," while adding that Bush "would have done so much behind the scenes." "I sat in the Oval Office. We had a meeting and he would just turn over his shoulder and say, ‘Get me [former Pakistani President Pervez] Musharraf.’ He actually worked on the issues and invested his personal energy and I should add personal prestige and political capital in risking that in order to make things different in the world," Hayden said. "And sadly, I just don't think we're seeing much of that in the last half a dozen or eight years." Former Bush aide Nicolle Wallace offered her own criticism of Obama's speech, noting that she heard from Middle Eastern leaders would likely describe the president's address as "probably decent and perhaps elegant analysis, but he's not an analyst." "What they heard was the complete lack of any connection to any world leaders. He didn't give a speech in that room as though he were in constant contact with anybody else in the room," Wallace said. "He gave a speech as if he never talked to these people, as though the only contact were public ones and that that was so different not just from George W. Bush, who had better private relationships than some of the conflicts that erupted in public, but ... there hasn't been an American president with fewer or weaker relationships with world leaders." As co-host Joe Scarborough went on to say that history would judge Obama to be a president with few friends on Capitol Hill regardless of party, Wallace chimed in, "He didn't have any friends."