 Accused of a “pay to play” scheme with Donald Trump, a defiant Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi broke her silence with the state’s news media Tuesday to say that she had no regrets in accepting a $25,000 political contribution from the Republican at the same time her office said it was examining fraud allegations against Trump University that it ultimately didn’t pursue. “Donald Trump did not get a pass,” Bondi told reporters. Story Continued Below Bondi told reporters that the contribution, made to her political committee amid her 2014 reelection campaign, had no bearing on her office’s decision to not join a civil fraud lawsuit filed by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman against Trump University, which was defunct by the time she first took office in 2011. “There never was an investigation into Donald Trump by this office,” Bondi said. Bondi’s first political opponent in 2010, former state senator and federal prosecutor Dan Gelber, recently said she should at least have returned the check to Trump while the New York case was pending. But Bondi on Tuesday said she didn’t return the check because it would have looked as if it were a bribe. “If I had returned it you would have reported ‘Bondi accepted a bribe, got caught and returned it.’ That's how the reporting goes,” Bondi said. “And so, no, there was nothing improper about it. So there was no reason to return it.” Nonetheless, when controversy recently flared over the donation again, Bondi’s committee tried to return the check but Trump wouldn’t accept it. Scores of complaints against Trump University and he related Trump Institute were filed during the term of her predecessor, Bill McCollum, who did not investigate. At the time she collected the contribution, only one additional complaint against Trump University had been filed with her office and, Bondi said, she was unaware of the complaint when she solicited the contribution from Trump. The attorney general’s office fields tens of thousands of complaints yearly. Still, the timing of Bondi’s solicitation and acceptance of the check from Trump in 2013 have made the two Republicans an easy target for Democrats who have filed ethics complaints, accused her of participating in a “pay to play” scheme and called for independent investigations. Trump once said that he gives money to politicians "because when I want something, I get it. When I call, they kiss my ass.” But Trump said he never discussed Trump University with Bondi and backed her because she’s a friend. As for why her office didn’t take the case, Bondi said her office referred Florida-based complainants – many of whom were elderly people who claimed they were scammed out of tens of thousands of dollars – to New York because Trump University was based in that state. Bondi has bristled at the negative press coverage and said that it’s wrong to question her pro-consumer record. “We have returned billions of dollars to consumers since I have been in office,” she said. Bondi has been dogged by the timing of the Trump donation and her office’s inaction since her 2014 reelection campaign – only to see the issue roar back to life when she endorsed Trump in Florida the day before the March 15 Republican presidential primary that he handily won. The issue died down until last month, when Trump began calling out Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton by accusing her of using the Clinton Foundation as a pay-to-play scheme. Democrats hit back by pointing fingers at Bondi. "My charity helps people, his is used to pay off your attorney general," Bill Clinton said at a Florida event earlier this month. Trump’s charity, the Donald J. Trump Foundation, was ensnared in the Trump University controversy because it was used to donate the $25,000 check to Bondi’s committee. That broke IRS rules and Trump recently admitted to the Washington Post that he paid a fine over the error. The timing of the contribution was controversial from the start. On Aug. 24, Schneiderman announced his lawsuit against Trump University. Five days later, an Orlando Sentinel reporter called Bondi’s office to inquire about whether she would join the suit. “We are currently reviewing the allegations in the New York complaint,” a Bondi spokeswoman told the reporter. About this time – Bondi is unclear as to the details – she solicited the check from Trump. Though her upper-level staff discussed the Schneiderman complaint, she said she was unaware of it. On Sept. 14, the Orlando Sentinel reported the Trump University lawsuit and, the following day, Bondi began receiving regular updates about the New York-based case. On Sept. 17, Bondi's political committee And Justice for All deposited the Trump check. The contribution was spotted by Orlando Sentinel columnist Scott Maxwell on Oct. 15, who said the timing “looks awfully fishy.” But Bondi described the contribution, among the largest to her committee, as relatively routine. “I was calling friends and family and many, many people because I was running for reelection,” Bondi said.