 Donald Trump is a creature of television. And as a creature of television, he holds strong opinions about what ought to happen when he steps in front of the cameras. For the 2016 presidential debates, he’s weighed in with a variety of programming suggestions: A debate schedule that does not conflict with NFL games. Different moderators. Or no moderators at all: “I think that maybe we should just have no moderator. Let Hillary and I sit there and just debate,” he mused on CNBC’s “Squawkbox” earlier this month. Radical and unlikely as this last idea may seem, it also raises a fascinating question: Why have moderators at all? Why don’t we have debates where candidates just face off, one-on-one, without any questioners? Such a format could be a radical but useful break from the classic debate structures that have undergirded 50-plus years of presidential history. Story Continued Below Format shapes the outcome of debates far more than we realize. Some formats are relatively simple for candidates to maneuver, allowing strong candidates to game the system; others keep them more under control? Debates are certainly not “rigged,” but a standard two-podium format typically favors a very information-dense candidate like Hillary Clinton, while a town-hall format gives much more room for a big personality, like Trump, to dominate. For voters, too, different formats provide different kinds of information, from character to geniality to areas of expertise. The format Monday night is an extremely open one, borrowed from an idea debuted in 2012. Even without heeding Trump’s recommendation, the rules of engagement for this year’s presidential debates grant the candidates the power to conduct an essentially moderator-less exchange if they really want, allowing one or the other to grab the reins and seize control. On the one hand, this format would seem to benefit a loose performer like Trump, who is fully at home in the rough-and-tumble of live TV. On the other, long open exchanges could give Clinton a showcase to demonstrate her superior knowledge of policy and government. It might seem like a play for advantage, but Trump’s proposal for a debate without moderators is merely the latest entry in a long-running political conversation that has been underway since Lincoln met Douglas: what is the best way to design and execute a live campaign debate? It’s a surprisingly unsettled question after all these years—and might be poised for some radical changes. *** As both campaigns prepare for the showdown on Monday night, they should study the first debate from 2012, when Mitt Romney handed Barack Obama the most conclusive drubbing in a presidential debate since Richard Nixon sweated his way to defeat in 1960. The 2012 debates featured an innovation which, at the time, went nearly unremarked-upon in the press: long, open-ended discussion periods that, in effect, left it to the candidates to decide how the dialogue would unfold. Romney prepared specifically for these ground rules and took full advantage on debate night; Obama did not. And though much criticism was directed at moderator Jim Lehrer for approaching his task too passively, in fact, it was Obama’s rigidity in a malleable format that produced such a lopsided result. This exact same format will be used on Monday, as well as in the third debate, on October 19. Clinton and Trump will square off in six thematic blocks of 15 minutes apiece on subjects announced by the moderator in advance: This year, the topics will include “America’s Direction,” “Achieving Prosperity” and “Securing America.” Although the moderator is responsible for introducing topics and ensuring a more or less equal distribution of time, the debaters themselves determine how those 15-minute segments play out. As far back as 1960, debate producers had hoped to install a format that emphasized direct exchange between Kennedy and Nixon—the so-called Oxford-style debate—until campaign handlers vetoed the idea. What happened instead was three decades of a fairly rigid, controlled formula that often reduced the “debates” to parallel news conferences. “The panel's role was hardly more than to designate categories—animal, vegetable, or mineral—on which the two might or might not discourse,” complained one Kennedy-Nixon panelist afterward. Despite the limitations of journalistic panels, the format endured because it imbued the candidates with a sense of security—and kept them from having to confront each other directly. The first Carter-Ford debate in 1976, for instance, contained virtually no cross-talk by the candidates, who addressed each other only by talking to the moderators. Although change has come slowly to presidential debates, it has come. In 1988, for instance, moderators for the first time were allowed to ask an opening question. Everyone remembers Bernard Shaw’s hardball opening question to Michael Dukakis (“If Kitty Dukakis were raped and murdered…”), but Shaw had a similarly gruesome set-up for George H.W. Bush (“If you are elected and die before Inauguration Day…”). The introduction of town hall debates in 1992 wrought a wholly new format, one that has bedeviled candidates ever since. The town hall can generate positive results—as in 1992 and 2004—or it can be dull and un-insightful—as in 1996 and 2008. It can also encourage candidate aggression, as in the 2012 match between Obama and Romney. Whatever the outcome, town hall is probably the least comfortable format for politicians because it is nearly impossible to game in advance. For that reason, campaign negotiators have imposed increasingly burdensome restrictions over the years on how the town hall functions. The once-freewheeling format of 1992 has been reined in considerably, in the vain hope of protecting the participants. The 1990s also marked the debut of solo moderators in place of panels, giving individual journalists an outsized role in setting the debate agenda. Jim Lehrer filled that slot for every presidential debate in 1996 and 2000; since 2004, each debate has been helmed by a different moderator. Another recent format innovation is the table debate, in which candidates and moderator sit at a table instead of standing at lecterns. Table debates can be more conversational than the more formal setup of lectern debates. Furthermore, by placing the debaters in close proximity, table debates encourage—at least in theory—a more civilized level of discourse. For Dick Cheney, table debates were also a practical necessity: with Cheney’s history of heart problems, his advisers did not want to risk having him stand for 90 minutes. What we’re going to see on Monday will be dramatic and is widely expected to be the most-watched debate in American history—and the format itself will be part of the reason why. Two drastically different personalities will, essentially, have six free-for-all segments to go at each other. The more polarized the electorate, the more valuable this kind of format is—it diminishes the role of moderators and panels, who voters increasingly distrust, and gives the candidates the opportunity to guide the conversation. Similar formats have been successful in countries like France and Spain—and the U.S., too. During the 1992 Democratic primaries, Bill Clinton and Jerry Brown appeared on an episode of Donahue in which host Phil Donahue did little more than introduce his guests and let them have at it; the result was a fascinating and unpredictable hour of television. We should be so lucky to have a similar debate on Monday night. Story Continued Below *** In the elections to come, strange new debate experiments are in the offing. Producers of primary debates have experimented with the use of crowd-sourced topics, including questions submitted as YouTube videos or via Twitter. This past summer, party leaders in Australia held one of their national debates not on broadcast and cable TV but on Facebook Live. Technological advances promise to inject new life into what many critics see as a sclerotic institution. At their best, these innovations might hold candidates accountable by tapping into real-time voter reactions and concerns. At worst, an excess of experimentation might reduce presidential debates to high-stakes video games. One novel proposal comes from New America senior fellow Lee Drutman, who suggests that we ought to end debates as we know them, and replace them with a crisis-situation simulator: “Film crews could record the entire simulation, then television producers could turn it into a reality-TV special.” Perhaps the candidates can be administered the kobayashi maru; that, too, would receive high ratings. Still, without any of that high-tech sizzle, Monday night will be must-see TV for any voting-age American. It will simply be two candidates on a stage with one moderator, but likely to be more freewheeling than we’d imagine.