 The Obama administration's latest attempt to pacify Syria through diplomacy is failing in spectacularly bloody fashion, raising serious doubts among officials, analysts and others about whether pursuing more talks is worth it. But there's at least one prominent group urging the administration not to give up on negotiations. Story Continued Below As Syrian and Russian forces laid waste to the northern Syrian city of Aleppo on Tuesday, nearly 60 House Democrats sent a letter to President Barack Obama calling on him to "persevere in this diplomatic path." "There is simply no realistic alternative to a diplomatic and political resolution of the Syrian civil war that takes into account the interests of Syria's diverse communities as well as the interests of all nations in a peaceful, stable Middle East," states the letter, a copy of which was obtained by POLITICO. The missive appears to try to counteract a growing sense in some corners that if the United States is serious about stopping the fighting it must put some military muscle behind its pleas to Russia, the top international patron of Syrian President Bashar Assad. The lead signatories were Reps. John Conyers, Seth Moulton and Tim Walz, all miiltary veterans. More than 50 U.S. officials have already called on Obama to use military strikes to weaken Assad and protect Syrian civilians. But Obama has given no indication he's open to entangling the U.S. military in another Middle East war. The Syrian conflict has lasted more than five years, attracting an array of groups including terrorist networks, and estimates of the dead range up to half a million. The Democratic president's diplomatic team, led by Secretary of State John Kerry, insists it will keep pursuing negotiations with the Russians despite the collapse this month of a short-lived cease-fire and extraordinary acrimony between Washington and Moscow at the U.N. Security Council. Kerry pointed out to reporters Monday that although the U.S. and Russia are not talking "right now" — presumably a reference to just a few days of silence — Russia and Syria were attacking rebel-held areas in Aleppo anyway. As a result, Kerry is unwilling to give Moscow and Damascus a permanent cold shoulder. "We're still focused on a political solution," said Mark Toner, a State Department spokesman. Kerry's diplomatic dependency has led to grumbling by Republicans. Just last week, GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona, who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee, called Kerry "intrepid but delusional." Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) and Rep. Ed Royce (R-Calif.), who respectively chair the Senate and House foreign affairs committees, have raised doubts about the reliability of the Russians or the Syrians when it comes to talks. Corker said Friday he was “saddened for the people of Syria who are being murdered" but that "this was always to be the outcome of negotiations since Russia has known all along that there was nothing to back up empty words from the United States.” There are no notable GOP calls for the administration to send combat troops to Syria, but Royce and others have pushed Obama to impose sanctions on Russia for its aid to the Syrian dictator. "There is no hope for diplomacy as long as Assad sees a military path to victory," Royce said in a statement to POLITICO on Tuesday. "Imposing stiff sanctions on Assad’s war machine and its enablers will allow us to push for peace from a position of strength." The House Democrats' letter came about with support from left-leaning groups including the Friends Committee on National Legislation, a Quaker organization, and Just Foreign Policy. The letter writers urge Obama to think beyond Syria when it comes to diplomacy, suggesting he look for peaceful ways to end the war in Yemen and to resolve the conflict between the Turkish government and Kurdish separatists.