 Hillary Clinton's campaign announced late Friday that it was postponing a trip by the Democratic nominee to Charlotte scheduled for Sunday. "After further discussion with community leaders, we have decided to postpone Sunday's trip as not to impact the City's resources," Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri wrote in a statement. "She will plan to visit Charlotte next Sunday, provided circumstances allow." Story Continued Below The rescheduling comes after Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts made a public plea to Clinton and Donald Trump to delay any campaign trips to the city in light of their "very stressed resources." Clinton's campaign had announced the trip earlier Friday. Palmieri added: "Her prayers are with the people of Charlotte during these difficult times." Donald Trump wasted no time in responding to Clinton's reversal on social media, accusing his opponent of trying to "grandstand" and calling her initial decision to go to Charlotte "dumb." "Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!" the Republican nominee tweeted late Friday. Trump was reportedly considering traveling to Charlotte next week following the presidential debate Monday, but has not elaborated on those plans. He incorrectly identified Clinton's initial trip as scheduled for Saturday. Protests have erupted in Charlotte since Keith Lamont Scott was shot dead by police Tuesday afternoon. The outcry over yet another officer-involved killing of a black person, days after an officer in Tulsa, Oklahoma, shot and killed Terence Crutcher, who was unarmed and had his hands up when he was fatally struck, turned violent late Wednesday into Thursday morning, prompting North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory to issue a state of emergency. Earlier Friday, the Democratic presidential nominee called on police to release the video of the shooting — after Scott’s family had released its own cellphone video recorded by Scott’s wife, Rakeyia Scott. “Charlotte should release police video of the Keith Lamont Scott shooting without delay. We must ensure justice & work to bridge divides,” she wrote on Twitter, signing her message with “-H” to denote it came from her, not her campaign.