 Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump in the nation’s smallest battleground state, according to a new Monmouth University poll of likely voters in New Hampshire released on Wednesday. The poll, which was conducted last Saturday through Tuesday, shows Clinton with a 9-point advantage over Trump, 47 percent to 38 percent. Libertarian Gary Johnson is at 10 percent, Green Party nominee Jill Stein garners 1 percent, and another 3 percent of likely voters are undecided. New Hampshire will only award 4 electoral votes this fall. But the state has outsized importance in the battle for the Senate, and the Monmouth poll shows incumbent GOP Sen. Kelly Ayotte with a slim, 2-point lead over her Democratic challenger, popular Gov. Maggie Hassan, 47 percent to 45 percent. That is well within the poll’s margin of error: plus or minus 4.9 percentage points. And Republicans also have an early lead in the governor’s race, after both parties selected their nominees in last week’s primaries. Republican Chris Sununu leads his relatively unknown Democratic opponent, Colin Van Ostern, 49 percent to 43 percent. In the presidential race, Clinton leads Trump because more Democrats (94 percent) have lined up behind the former secretary of state than Republicans (85 percent) who are supporting Trump. Clinton also leads among independents, 42 percent to 35 percent. Neither Clinton nor Trump is popular, but Trump’s negatives outweigh Clinton’s. Thirty-six percent of likely voters have a favorable opinion of Clinton, while 56 percent view her unfavorably. Trump’s favorable rating is lower: 30 percent favorable, compared to 63 percent unfavorable. It's another in a series of polls this week that show Clinton regaining some momentum after losing ground last week amid the fallout of her "basket of deplorables" comment and pneumonia diagnosis. Monmouth has also showed Clinton leading Trump by 5 points in vote-rich Florida, and within striking distance in Georgia, which has been reliably Republican in recent elections. Both candidates in the Senate race are well liked: Half of likely voters approve of how Ayotte is handling her job as senator, and 38 percent disapprove. Hassan’s approval rating is even higher: Sixty percent approve of the second-term governor’s job performance, and only 31 percent disapprove. Neither candidate in the gubernatorial race is well known, but Sununu — whose father, John, served three terms as governor in the 1980s, and brother, also named John, served a term in the Senate last decade — has higher name ID. Thirty-six percent of likely voters have a favorable opinion of Sununu, 22 percent view him unfavorably, and 41 percent have no opinion of the Republican. But Van Ostern is little known: Twenty-eight percent view him favorably, and only 6 percent have an unfavorable opinion. But roughly 2-in-3 voters, 66 percent, have no opinion of the Democratic nominee. The poll surveyed 400 likely voters.