 Donald Trump won’t be winging his debate performance Monday, but the Republican presidential nominee also hasn’t been cramming his head with microchips and binders like Hillary Clinton, his campaign manager said Friday. “Of course not. He need not wing it,” Trump’s campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, told Fox Business. “There’s a difference between being spontaneous and just, you know, being yourself at the debate stage.” Story Continued Below Trump and Clinton will square off Monday in New York at Hofstra University for the first presidential debate. While Clinton has taken time off the trail for debate prep, Trump has largely eschewed the traditional debate prep process. His campaign, however, maintains that the real estate mogul will be prepared for Monday's bout. “I don’t think he’s locked up in a cabin for two weeks like other people have been — or currently are — cramming their heads with microchips and binders, but he’s a brilliant man,” Conway said, taking an obvious shot at Clinton’s preparation. Conway said no one is playing Clinton in mock debate sessions because “we all know Hillary Clinton very well, so those of us who are intimately involved with this process feel confident that we understand Hillary Clinton’s record, we understand her vision — her lack thereof — for the country.” Clinton’s performance at NBC’s commander in chief forum earlier this month “wasn’t her best night,” Conway continued, adding that it was “a very typical debate performance or forum performance for Hillary Clinton.” “She’s easily flummoxed,” Conway said. “She did not see Bernie Sanders coming in the primaries this year, she did not do well in debates against Barack Obama in 2008, and she never saw — she never anticipated our comeback in the last five weeks.” Conway also blasted Clinton for asking supporters this week why she isn’t leading Trump by 50 points. Her remark was “a very honest moment” for Clinton but appeared “a little bit desperate,” said Conway, who went on to ask, “Who in the world tells people, ‘Why am I not 50 points ahead of Donald Trump?’” “She cannot believe — it’s so beneath her to be running against Donald Trump for president of the United States. She simply can’t get him out of her mind,” Conway said. “Why is every subject and predicate out of her mouth ‘Donald Trump’? So, you know, that’s the person you’re going to see in the debates, someone who very much has her head occupied by him.”