 The hacker website that leaked Colin Powell's politically embarrassing emails struck again Thursday, this time releasing what appears to be the personal emails of a White House staffer working with Hillary Clinton’s campaign — and what purports to be an image of Michelle Obama’s passport. An initial scan of the messages appear to show chatter mostly regarding event planning details, such as requesting an invoice for a stage used at a Clinton campaign event. In one exchange, the advanced planning team expresses concern that the media might notice a group of protesters at one event. Story Continued Below The emails appear to be taken from the staffer's personal Gmail account, and span from February 2015 to July of this year. A Secret Service spokeswoman said the agency was “aware of the alleged email hacking of a White House employee.” “The Secret Service is concerned any time unauthorized information that might pertain to one of the individuals we protect, or our operations, is allegedly disclosed,” spokeswoman Nicole Mainor told POLITICO. “As a matter of policy, we do not provide information regarding investigations.” White House spokesman Josh Earnest declined to discuss the leak at his daily briefing. “Administration officials are taking a look at the information that’s been disclosed,” Earnest told reporters. “Obviously we take any reports about a cyber breach seriously, particularly if it may include some sensitive information.” Attorney General Loretta Lynch told reporters that the Justice Department is "aware of those media reports." "It is something that we're looking into," she said. According to a LinkedIn page, the staffer has worked as an advance associate for the White House since April 2015. The staffer also appears to work with the Clinton campaign as an event organizer. The email dump was posted late Wednesday on the purported anti-secrecy site DC Leaks, which security experts have connected to the suspected Russian cyberattack campaign targeting U.S. political institutions and state election offices. Most notably, the site has also posted the pilfered private emails of Powell, as well as the alleged communications of other Clinton campaign workers and a few Republican lawmakers who have been critical of the Russian regime, including Sens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham. Early on Thursday, the DC Leaks Twitter account posted the purported image of Michelle Obama's passport. The emails may have been stolen during a previously reported cyberattack campaign that targeted at the personal email accounts of at least 26 Clinton campaign staffers and volunteers. Digital forensic experts have tied that digital assault to the same Russian hacking group that is believed to have also infiltrated other top Democratic institutions, including the Democratic National Committee. Eric Geller contributed to this report.