 The White House would prefer to avoid a government shutdown, but “it’s not at all clear” that President Barack Obama would sign the continuing resolution put forward Thursday by Republicans to fund the government through Dec. 9, an administration spokesman cautioned Friday. White House press secretary Josh Earnest on Friday raised the possibility of Obama vetoing the legislation Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) proposed Thursday, warning Republicans that the measure's lack of money for addressing Flint, Michigan’s lead crisis — and its failure to include a change to campaign finance disclosure law that Democrats want — raises serious concerns for the president. Story Continued Below “You know, one of the reasons I was a little late in joining you all today is I had an opportunity to talk with the president in the Oval Office about this proposal, and after that conversation it’s not at all clear to me that he is prepared to sign this bill because he believes that Congress has got some work to do,” Earnest told reporters Friday at the daily press briefing. “And hopefully they’ll get to work on that and get it done without putting the American people and the American economy through another cliffhanger related to a government shutdown.” Speaking from the Senate floor Thursday, McConnell praised what he called a “clean continuing resolution” as “many, many hours of bipartisan work across the aisle.” Congress has until next Friday to pass legislation to head off a government shutdown. “It’s a fair proposal that funds all current government operations through Dec. 9, while also providing funding for the new legislation we’ve just passed overwhelmingly and that the president has signed — that’s legislation to address the heroin and prescription opioid epidemic and the TSCA bill.,” McConnell said. According to the White House, though, it falls short of expectations. Earnest said McConnell’s proposal does include “some attractive elements,” such as the fact that it would keep the government funded for a few additional weeks and help fund a response to the Zika crisis. “We were, however, disappointed that for — that Congress has not made a commitment to addressing the situation in Flint,” Earnest said, adding that while many Democrats are advocating for such, not enough Republicans are following suit. “And the president is concerned that that situation has not been addressed in the context of these ongoing negotiations. So he’s concerned about that.” “The president’s also concerned about the fact that the proposal includes a rider that would essentially protect the ability of special interests to funnel money into political campaigns without having to disclose it,” Earnest continued. “That’s — first of all, I don’t really know what a proposal like that’s doing in a budget bill, setting aside the fact that transparency in government and transparency in politics is something that is worthy of bipartisan support.”