 Donald Trump feels like a man half his age, and Hillary Clinton is “quite delighted” that the topic of the septua- and sexagenarian’s ages haven’t been an issue throughout their presidential campaigns. Both candidates responded to AARP Bulletin for the cover story of its October issue, a copy of which was obtained by POLITICO on Thursday. Trump issued written responses to six of AARP’s 13 questions earlier this month; Clinton answered every question during her face-to-face interview in August. Story Continued Below Trump, 70, and Clinton, 68, were told that age doesn’t seem to be a factor in their campaigns and asked if they feel that’s “a fundamental change in the views of Americans toward aging.” Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, boasted about how young he feels, echoing what he told Dr. Mehmet Oz during an interview last week in which he said when he looks in the mirror he sees a man half his age. Trump’s response also included a knock on the Democratic nominee, who recently took some time off the campaign trail to recover from a bout of pneumonia. “Yes. Many Americans are living longer, healthier, fulfilling lives,” Trump wrote in response to the question. “As I’ve said before, I feel like I’m 35. Stamina and energy are important. As is a positive attitude and joy for how you spend your days.” During her interview, Clinton expressed her delight in the subject of age being a relatively non-factor this cycle. But she also spoke to the importance of available, affordable health care, a signature accomplishment of President Barack Obama, and how she wants that for everyone. “I have been quite delighted at the outcomes of the [campaign] for many reasons, but certainly because there don’t seem to be any arguments about age,” Clinton said. “People can argue about our policies, our experiences, but I think it goes to show that what we are seeing happen is that if you take care of yourself, if you can afford good health care and get it, you can live a full and productive life much longer than people in prior generations did.” “That’s what I want for everybody. I want everybody to feel they are at their best and that they’re able to continue to make a contribution and enjoy life as best as they possibly can,” she continued. “So I appreciate the emphasis on healthiness and wellness, and that’s something that I want to try to promote in the White House and get older people, not just younger people, to be paying attention—to really take advantage of opportunities and to do more. So I’m excited by what I see as a real opportunity for us to break down the barriers that age has historically posed and to really help people to focus on how they can be as healthy and well as possible for as long as possible.”