 Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump nationally by 6 percentage points among likely voters, according to an NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll released Wednesday afternoon. In a four-way race that includes Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson and Green Party nominee Jill Stein, Clinton tops the field with 43 support. Trump follows at 37 percent, while Johnson and Stein trail at 9 percent and 3 percent, respectively. Story Continued Below In a head-to-head between the two major party nominees, Clinton’s lead expands to 7 percentage points, 48 percent to 41 percent. Four percent of respondents said they would not vote for president, while 3 percent said they were undecided. Among registered voters, a majority of support for Clinton is just that — support for Clinton (as opposed to support against Trump). Half of the registered voters backing Clinton said their vote is more for Clinton, while 44 percent characterized it as more against Trump. On the Republican side, only 41 percent of registered voters said their vote is for Trump (51 percent said it was against Clinton). Registered voters gave Trump the edge as the candidate who would be best in dealing with the economy, but they favored Clinton when it came to dealing with immigration, changing the country for the better, being a good commander in chief and handling nuclear weapons. Both candidates virtually tied on the issue of terrorism and national security, with Clinton claiming a narrow 1-point advantage. Clinton is still stuck with the stigma that she’s dishonest, though more voters believe she’s honest and straightforward now than in June. About 3-in-10 said she is honest and straightforward, a mark 10 percentage points lower than the 41 percent who identified Trump as such. But it’s Clinton who registered voters say has the right temperament, knowledge and experience to handle the presidency. While 56 percent said Clinton has the right temperament and 60 percent said she has the knowledge and experience necessary to handle the job, just 23 percent said the same of Trump on both issues. Voters also said they care less about Clinton’s recent health issues than Trump’s taxes and cited the real estate mogul’s rhetoric toward women, immigrants and Muslims; his temperament; Clinton’s private server during her tenure as secretary of state; and her judgment in Syria, Iraq and Libya as their top concerns. The survey of 922 likely voters was conducted Sept. 16-19 via landline and cellphone. It has a margin of error of plus or minus 3.2 percentage points.