 Washington Post reporter David Fahrenthold has been doggedly reporting on Donald Trump's charitable record, tracking down everything from $10,000 paintings of Trump paid for by his non-profit foundation to his promised donations to veterans. And in the wake of statements from the Trump campaign personally attacking Fahrenthold, the Post is pushing back. "The Trump campaign's response to our reporting has been full of personal insults and devoid of any discussion of the facts," senior politics editor Steven Ginsberg said in a statement. "We have reached out to the campaign repeatedly, by phone, email and on social media, and they have yet to answer our questions. We welcome a response that addresses the legitimate questions raised about the Trump Foundation." The Trump campaign has not responded to Fahrenthold's detailed questions about Trump's donations, but issued a comment late Tuesday after an explosive new report by Fahrenthold showed that Trump used $258,000 from his charitable foundation to settle lawsuits that involved the billionaire’s for-profit businesses. In a statement on Tuesday evening, spokesman Jason Miller said the Post, a news organizations Trump had previously blacklisted, has "gotten their facts wrong." "It is the Clinton Foundation that is set up to make sure the Clinton's personally enrich themselves by selling access and trading political favors," Miller said. "The Trump Foundation has no paid board, no management fees, no rent or overhead, and no family members on its payroll. There was not, and could not be, any intent or motive for the Trump Foundation to make improper payments. All contributions are reported to the IRS, and all Foundation donations are publicly disclosed. Mr. Trump is generous both with his money and with his time. He has provided millions of dollars to fund his Foundation and a multitude of other charitable causes." The statement then went on to personally attack Fahrenthold, a theme echoed by campaign manager Kellyanne Conway who in an interview on CNN said Fahrenthold has an "obsession". "The Post’s reporting is peppered with inaccuracies and omissions from a biased reporter who is clearly intent on distracting attention away from the corrupt Clinton Foundation, a vehicle for the Clinton's to peddle influence at the expense of the American people. Mr. Trump personally and the Trump Foundation, however, are staying focused on their charitable giving to veterans, the police, children and other deserving recipients," Miller said. Fahrenthold, for his part, is still on the trail.