 If recent history is any guide for the first debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, the polls will become more volatile in the ensuing days, bouncing around more than during the more stable periods of the campaign. But then the race will return to its normal equilibrium, reflecting largely locked-in perceptions of the two candidates. That's no certainty, though. In a race as close as this one, a debate can alter the trajectory of a race — as in 1976, when Gerald Ford was surging in the polls in the fall but may have seen his momentum stunted by a poor performance in a foreign-policy debate with Jimmy Carter in which the Republican claimed there was “no Soviet domination” of Eastern Europe. Story Continued Below The more frequent outcome resembles what happened in 2012, when Mitt Romney saw his poll numbers swell after a strong performance in the first debate, but fade just as quickly. Same for the 2000 presidential nail-biter, when polls after the first debate showed a brief bump for George W. Bush before returning to an Al Gore lead before the second debate. And in 1984, Walter Mondale cut into Ronald Reagan’s lead after their first debate, but Reagan parried Mondale’s attacks in their second meeting and resumed on course for his landslide victory. The most interesting potential analog to this year's Hofstra University debate might be 1980. Carter and Reagan debated only once that year, with Reagan getting a slight bounce after their debate. But the most consequential part of that campaign might be the candidate who wasn’t on stage: John Anderson, the GOP congressman from Illinois who ran for president as an independent. Carter declined to debate Anderson, so the first-term incumbent skipped the first debate. Anderson had been polling at about 15 percent in mid-September, according to Gallup — but he received only about 7 percent of the vote on Election Day. Support for third-party candidates this year rivals Anderson’s backing: Libertarian Gary Johnson and Green Party nominee Jill Stein are combining for about 10 percent of the vote in likely-voter surveys. (Ross Perot in 1992 also had significant support, but he participated in debates with George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton.) There are some parallels in the 2016 campaign — and reasons to believe the three debates, starting with Monday night's, could be decisive. 1. The race is closer than recent elections. The national polls out on Monday set the stakes: Clinton and Trump are even in a Bloomberg Politics survey, and Clinton leads by 1 point in a Quinnipiac University poll and 4 points in a Monmouth University poll. In the poll averages, Clinton leads Trump by a slim margin: 2.2 points in the RealClearPolitics average, as of Monday afternoon. That’s closer than most recent elections. On the eve of the first debate in 2012, President Barack Obama led Romney by 3.1 points in the RealClearPolitics average, and the Democrat had a 4.2-point lead over John McCain in 2008. George W. Bush led John Kerry by 6 points on the eve of their first debate in 2004. And it’s close in the battleground states, too. In POLITICO’s Battleground States polling average, Clinton has a lead of 5 points or greater in six states: Colorado, Michigan, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Wisconsin. But the most recent polls in Colorado, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin show a much closer race. Trump, meanwhile, has pulled narrowly ahead in Iowa and Ohio. The two candidates are within a single point in three states: Florida, Nevada and North Carolina. 2. More voters are up for grabs this year. Neither Clinton nor Trump is popular: In both the Bloomberg and Monmouth polls, majorities of likely voters have negative impressions of each candidate. But between the candidates’ poor image ratings and the large segment of voters backing either Johnson or Stein, there’s more volatility in this race than other recent elections. As of Monday afternoon, the RealClearPolitics average showed Clinton at 46.2 percent and Trump at 44 percent in a two-way matchup. (In a four-way matchup, Clinton is at 42.9 percent and Trump at 41.2 percent.) That leaves more voters up for grabs than in recent elections. In 2012, Obama led Romney in the RealClearPolitics average, 49.1 percent to 46 percent, combining for more than 95 percent. In 2008, Obama’s lead over McCain stood at 47.9 percent to 43.7 percent, combining for nearly 92 percent. In 2004, Bush led Kerry, 49.5 percent to 43.5 percent, combining for 93 percent. (In 1980, a pre-debate Gallup poll showed Carter narrowly ahead of Reagan by 3 points, 45 percent to 42 percent, with Anderson at 9 percent.) Both candidates still face enormous headwinds in changing voters’ perceptions of them beginning on Monday night, but there are voters out there who haven’t yet committed to either candidate. 3. A massive audience is expected to watch. Television ratings for Monday night’s debate could challenge the all-time record: the nearly 81 million people who watched the Carter-Reagan debate in 1980, according to Nielsen. The debate is going up against “Monday Night Football” on ESPN — a matchup of two of the weaker teams in pro football: the Atlanta Falcons and New Orleans Saints. But the debate will be on all the broadcast networks and each of the cable-news outlets. (The game will air instead of the debate on the NBC affiliate in New Orleans.) Even ESPN thinks the game won’t be a significant drag on debate ratings, with an executive telling Sports Illustrated “it’s going to be a rough night” for football viewership. Story Continued Below If the debate doesn’t outrate 1980, it should still draw more eyeballs than the first debates in more recent elections: The first debate in 2012 drew 67 million television viewers, compared to 52 million in 2008, 63 million in 2004 and 47 million in 2000. Usually, according to Nielsen data, the first debate in a given year outrates the subsequent debates — that’s been true in three of the past four elections. That makes Monday night the best chance for both Clinton and Trump to claim an advantage in a close race. “Maybe two-thirds of the people who vote in this election are going to watch the entire debate,” former Obama campaign manager David Plouffe said Monday morning on MSNBC. “This is an incredible moment for both candidates to speak directly” to voters.