 The latest shootings by police of black men show that little has been done to reduce the violence at the hands of law enforcement, Black Lives Matter activist DeRay McKesson said on Wednesday, as he expressed frustration over the frequency of such incidents. "Police kill almost three people everyday," McKesson told POLITICO, as unrest simmers over the two deaths of black men by police over the past week. "We have to hold the police accountable for their actions." Story Continued Below Protests shook the city of Charlotte, North Carolina, overnight and into the early morning after a black man was shot dead by police Tuesday night. The demonstrations, which at times turned violent, spilled over into the apartment complex where Keith Lamont Scott was killed. Charlotte police maintain that Scott stepped out of his vehicle with a gun when officers arrived at the scene, but his family disputes this claim, saying he was sitting in his car reading a book. The Charlotte Police Department could not be immediately reached for comment. The shooting comes as racial tensions were already high across the country after police shot dead an unarmed black man in Tulsa, Oklahoma last week. Terence Crutcher's family says officer Betty Shelby inappropriately fired on him after their SUV broke down, while her lawyer contends that Crutcher was acting suspiciously and appeared to be reaching inside the vehicle for a gun. While the shootings have again grabbed national headlines – and attention from the two presidential candidates – McKesson said police need to start being held accountable for the violence, and that he hopes there are consequences for the officers in the most recent fatal shootings. "[I'm] looking forward to how this plays out in terms of criminal charges,” said McKesson, who was an early leader of the Black Lives Matter movement and co-founded Campaign Zero, the first effort to organize activists around a set of policies to stop police violence. McKesson said while the federal government has a role to play in reforming police behavior, the onus is really on local departments to change their ways. "What's he to say?" he said when asked if President Barack Obama is doing enough to combat police violence, adding "The Department of Justice could reduce funding to local police departments, and they haven't really done that aggressively.” In the meantime, McKesson said he would continue trying to draw attention to the issue. Campaign Zero on Wednesday launched a new project at useofforceproject.org, which takes a look at 91 of 100 police departments in the biggest cities in the United States. The report examines the use of force policies of the departments and concludes whether there are basic protections against police violence in the policies. "Many police departments fail to establish common sense restrictions on police use of force — including deadly force — that would actually benefit the communities they are supposed to protect and serve," the report states. "According to our findings, fundamentally changing use of force policies can dramatically reduce the number of people killed by police in America." "The police has a shadow system that almost guarantees they won't be held accountable," McKesson said, adding that these policies, and the lack of provisions to safeguard against police violence make it extremely difficult to reduce these incidents from recurring.