 Catherine Cortez Masto would be the first Latina senator if she wins the race to replace Harry Reid in Nevada. But some Republicans are nonetheless accusing her this week of “hispandering” to voters. On Thursday, two former political aides to Rep. Joe Heck (R-Nev.) questioned Cortez Masto’s emphasis on her ethnicity, responding to a Washington Post story highlighting the former attorney general as one of the prominent Hispanic candidates running for federal office this fall. Story Continued Below Thomas McAllister, a former political director to Heck who is Hispanic, called her appeals to be elected as the first Latina in the Senate “BS,” deeming her “as Mexican as I am” on social media, then questioning why she doesn’t speak Spanish fluently. Mark Ciavola, who managed Heck’s previous runs for Congress, called her campaign “hispandering at its finest.” In a phone interview on Friday, Cortez Masto called the comments “an attack on Mexican-Americans.” “It's a criticism for me and other Mexican-Americans. It is an attack on all of us who come here and have worked hard in Nevada to make it home,” she said after holding a press conference in Nevada to decry the remarks by Heck’s former political aides. “It’s an indication of their theme, which is to attack me personally.” Cortez Masto’s grandfather immigrated to the United States from Chihuahua, Mexico. Cortez Masto's Senate race is one of the most closely watched in the nation. One other Latina Senate candidate, Rep. Loretta Sanchez (D-Calif.), is on the ballot this fall, but she's a heavy underdog. McAllister and Ciavola had been working on Heck’s campaign until this spring. Heck’s campaign said they do not speak for the candidate and moved to distance the congressman from their comments. “We have many questions for [Catherine Cortez Masto], but none of them relate to her heritage. No one affiliated with this campaign has questioned that,” said a spokesman for Heck, later adding: “Her attempt to link us to someone unaffiliated with this campaign is ridiculous given her silence on her chief surrogate and fundraiser Harry Reid’s many offensive comments, such as calling Iraq veteran Joe Heck a ‘detriment to our country.’” But Cortez Masto said that’s not enough for her and she’s “going to keep talking about” her heritage and those questioning it as part of her efforts to succeed Reid. “That's the first I’m hearing of it. And quite frankly he should be very vocal in denouncing it. And that's the problem: He hasn't denounced anything,” she said. On Thursday evening Buzzfeed reported that Heck’s son, Joey, had posted a string of offensive messages on social media. He and Heck later apologized for the second such outburst in four years. Cortez Masto called Joey’s remarks “horrific” in the interview. Cortez Masto has consistently trailed Heck in recent polls and the Republican has been credited for running a strong campaign in a difficult year overall for the GOP. Democrats believe that surveys have under-represented Latino support for Cortez Masto. Democrats have been frustrated by Heck and conservative groups’ relentless attacks on Cortez Masto's record as attorney general recent Republican ads blame her for an increase in crime and going easy on drunk drivers. Heck has set up a website calling her “corrupt.” The race is one of a handful central to Democrats' hopes of winning control of the Senate.