 The man charged with bombings in New York and New Jersey will be taken to federal court in Manhattan soon to face federal criminal charges, Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Wednesday. While federal court complaints against Ahmad Rahami were filed in New York and New Jersey Tuesday evening and he also faces state charges in New Jersey, federal prosecutors in New York are set to take the lead in prosecuting Rahami, Lynch signaled in her remarks to an International Bar Association conference. Story Continued Below "In the near future, it is our intention to bring the defendant to the federal District Court for the Southern District of New York, which has jurisdiction over the Manhattan neighborhood where more than 30 innocent people were wounded—and countless others were gravely endangered – by his bombs," Lynch said in prepared remarks released by the Justice Department. "I have full confidence that the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, led by Preet Bharara, will succeed in bringing the defendant to justice for his heinous actions. And I know that the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey, led by Paul Fishman, will also seek to hold the defendant accountable for his deplorable actions in their district," Lynch added. The head of the office that handles indigent defense in federal courts in New York wrote to the federal magistrate judge assigned to Rahami's case there late Tuesday, urging that the accused be brought to court Wednesday. The letter suggested that Rahami was being subjected to protracted questioning by investigators without the benefit of legal counsel. Rahami has been under guard at a Newark hospital where he was taken after a Monday morning gun battle with police that left the suspect and two police officers wounded. During her speech Wednesday to the international lawyers' group, Lynch also called for calm in the wake of recent shootings of African-American motorists by police in Tulsa and Charlotte. She said the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division has already opened an investigation into the Tulsa shooting and officials are assessing what happened in Charlotte. Protests overnight in Charlotte blocked an interstate highway there and turned violent, with 16 officers injured as well as several demonstrators. “These tragic incidents have once again left Americans with feelings of sorrow, anger and uncertainty. They have once again highlighted – in the most vivid and painful terms – the real divisions that still persist in this nation between law enforcement and communities of color. And in Charlotte, they have once again led to widespread protest. Unfortunately, we saw several instances of violence," Lynch said in her prepared speech. Lynch noted an American tradition of protest against perceived injustice, but she warned that resorting to violence is counterproductive. "Protest is protected by our Constitution and is a vital instrument for raising issues and creating change. But when it turns violent, it undermines the very justice that it seeks to achieve and I urge those demonstrating in Charlotte to remain peaceful in their expressions of protest and concern," the attorney general added.