 Donald Trump interrupted Hillary Clinton 25 times in the first 26 minutes. He claimed she lacked the “stamina” to serve as commander-in-chief. And when the question of his attitude towards women became an explicit topic of debate, he seemed to allude to resisting the urge to use her husband’s marital infidelity against her. Trump has been aggressive and crude with male debate opponents, too, and he addressed the former Cabinet secretary by her proper title throughout the sparring. But, going up against the first woman to take to a debate stage as a major party nominee in American history, did Trump come across as sexist? Story Continued Below According to Vox, he interrupted her nearly once a minute for the first 26 minutes of the debate. By 538’s count, Trump seized the floor from Clinton three times and lodged 24 interjections as she spoke, a total of 27 interruptions. Clinton didn’t seize the floor from Trump once, and lodged only 5 interjections. The pro-Clinton American Bridge counted a total of 73 interruptions by Trump. The appearance of chauvinistic bullying can be deadly for a male politician debating a female opponent. Just ask Rick Lazio, who sunk his 2000 Senate bid against Clinton when he left his podium mid-debate in an attempt to force her to sign a campaign finance pledge. Trump has thrived by indulging his natural inclination towards aggression, but has also been tripped up on his attitude towards women and issues that matter to them – like when Carly Fiorina confronted him for deriding the appearance of her face and when he was forced to walk back a statement that women should be punished for getting illegal abortions. And the risks for Trump are magnified. His opponents have consistently accused him of misogyny and his hopes in states like Ohio and Pennsylvania rest on suburban Republican women who are uneasy with the choice. After the debate, the Clinton campaign wasn’t touching the sexism question. “He has so much wrong with his performance tonight that something like that didn't even enter my mind,” said press secretary Brian Fallon. But others saw unmistakable chauvinism in Trump’s approach. “First of all the interruptions, he talked over her numerous times, the way he rolled his eyes…that to me was indicative of the gender issue,” said former North Carolina Sen. Kay Hagan, a Democrat. Trump himself seemed to sense a potential trap when moderator Lester Holt asked him to explain his prior comment that Clinton doesn’t have a presidential “look.” He quickly pivoted away from her physical appearance. “She doesn't have the look,” Trump responded. “She doesn't have the stamina. I said she doesn't have the stamina, and I don't believe she does have the stamina. To be president of this country, you need tremendous stamina.” Clinton shot back by citing her diplomatic forays to hundreds of countries and the 11 hours she spent before the House committee investigating the Benghazi killings. Then she knocked Trump for his treatment of former Miss Universe Alicia Machado, saying, “He called this woman Ms. Piggy. Then he called her Ms. Housekeeping, because she was Latina. Donald, she has a name.” Trump responded by saying, “I was going to say something extremely rough to Hillary, to her family, and I said to myself, ‘I can't do it. I just can't do it. It's inappropriate. It's not nice.’” After the debate, Trump confidant Rudy Giuliani said Trump was restraining himself from calling Clinton “phony as a feminist.” “This is the thing about Donald Trump is he has a big heart. He saw Chelsea in the audience, and he didn’t say what he was ready to say,” said Giuliani. According to the former New York mayor, Trump was preparing to say, “You take money from countries that stone women. You take money from countries that imprison women. You take money from countries where women can’t drive. You take money – not money, millions and hundreds of millions of dollars – from countries that treat women as cattle. You attack Monica Lewinsky, saying that she was basically insane, when it turned out your husband basically violated an intern in Oval Office of the White House, disgraced the United States of America, and you were one of the primary attackers, and after your years with Bill Clinton, if you don’t know that Monica Lewinsky was telling the truth then you’re not smart enough to be president.” Giuliani’s counterpunch aside, it was Trump who faced more post-debate scrutiny on gender issues. Republican women are crucial to Trump’s chances, and those watching the debate fell into two camps: Those who sensed sexism and those who felt gender dynamics were the least of Trump’s problems on Monday night. Liz Mair, a Republican strategist who opposed Trump in the primary, said he came across as “the kind of guy ever woman out there has rolled her eyes at and turned down flat at least a couples times in her life.” Katie Packer Gage, another Republican strategist who opposed Trump in the primary said that the unscripted environment brought out the impulses that caused Trump so much trouble before his recent streak of relative message discipline. “He has such a long record of demeaning and disparaging and bullying women that this is just a reminder of so many things that have been kind of forgotten in the last week because he’s sort of learned how to behave in proper company when he’s scripted,” she said. But other Republican women saw it as a red herring. “I thought it was many things but not sexist,” said conservative commentator Dana Loesch, a frequent Trump critic, of the businessman’s performance. “I think a discussion of stamina with respect to any sex is fair game when the context is commander-in-chief.” Story Continued Below “For Trump standards, he was fairly subdued. At least he didn’t call her fat and ugly and tell her her voice game him a headache,” zinged Republican commentator Ana Navarro, who has sparred with Trump this campaign season. To Sarah Isgur Flores, Fiorina’s deputy campaign manager, Trump treated Clinton the way he’s treated his male opponents. “Hillary’s team would e making a mistake crying foul over Trump being Trump,” she said. “It can only take away from her performance at this point.” Clinton’s performance aside, her face remained an object of analysis. While Trump resisted the invitation to weigh in again on her physical appearance, Fox News’ Brit Hume filled that gap for him. “The Trump expression was one we’re all familiar with from the earlier debates – he looked annoyed, put out, uncomfortable,” Hume said after the debate. “And she looked, I think for the most part, she looked composed — smug sometimes — not necessarily attractive.” Gabriel Debenedetti contributed to this report.