 President Barack Obama hailed the timing of the opening of the National Museum of African American History and Culture on Friday, signaling his desire for people of all stripes to visit the new museum and walk away with a better understanding of what it’s like to be black in America. “The timing of this is fascinating,” Obama said during a reception at the White House. The “exceptionally good-looking group” of many friends — so many “that it feels like one of our house parties,” he quipped — applauded in agreement. Story Continued Below “Part of the reason that I am so happy the museum is opening this weekend is because it allows all of us as Americans to put our current circumstances in a historical context,” Obama said. “My hope is that as people are seeing what’s happened in Tulsa or Charlotte on television, and perhaps are less familiar with not only the history of the African-American experience but also how recent some of these challenges have been, upon visiting the museum may step back and say: ‘I understand. I sympathize. I empathize. I can see why folks might feel angry, and I wanna be part of the solution, as opposed to resisting change.’” Obama’s references to Tulsa, Oklahoma, and Charlotte, North Carolina, highlight the most recent officer-involved shootings of black men that have captured the nation’s attention. Officers fatally shot Terence Crutcher, who was unarmed and had his hands raised when he was struck, in Tulsa last Friday and Keith Lamont Scott, who officers contend was armed when he was struck but concede that video doesn’t conclusively corroborate their account, in Charlotte on Tuesday. Obama, flanked by first lady Michelle Obama and the museum’s director, Lonnie Bunch, used a sampling of letters he said he read on Thursday to illustrate the divide among Americans when it comes to policing and talks of racial bias. “I’d say about half of them said, ‘Mr. President, why are you always against police, and why aren’t you doing enough to deal with these rioters and the violence?’” he said. “And then the other half were some black folks [who] said, ‘Mr. President, why aren’t you doing something about the police, and when are we actually gonna get justice?’ And I understand the nature of that argument because this is a dialogue we’ve been having for 400 years.” A key challenge Obama cited in “generating a constructive discussion about how to solve these problems” is rhetoric on TV and the radio that’s “bereft of context and ignores history.” “So people are just responding as if none of what’s represented in this museum ever happened,” Obama said, “adding, “That’s true for all of us, not just some of us.” “My hope is, is that this, this complicated, difficult, sometimes harrowing but I believe ultimately triumphant story, will help us talk to each other,” he continued. “And more important, listen to each other. And even more important, see each other, and recognize the common humanity that makes America what it is.”