 Sen. Tim Scott (R-S.C.) on Thursday said that the release of video footage from the killing by police of Keith Lamont Scott might ease tensions in Charlotte, North Carolina. “If we had a body camera on the officer, there is no question that we would have greater clarity going forward to what actually happened,” he said in an interview with CNN’s Jake Tapper. Story Continued Below "I'm not a law enforcement officer, so I'm not going to pretend to understand their concept of releasing the video," Scott said. "We've seen different agencies do it in different times. The release of the video can help defuse some of the tensions if the video is helpful." "The faster the information comes to the surface, the quicker we get clarity, hopefully there will be a calming influence," Scott added. "But there is never a reason for violence in response to a situation. Violence for violence only begets more violence. This is the wrong direction and the wrong path.” Keith Lamont Scott was shot dead by police outside his apartment complex in Charlotte, North Carolina. Police were pursuing an arrest warrant for another person when they encountered Scott, who was African American, in his car. The Charlotte police chief says Scott was armed with a handgun, while his family denies it. “As far as we know, at this point in time, no, he did not own a gun,” said Justin Bamberg, one of the Scott family’s attorneys. “Our direct response is this: That is what the chief says. I haven't seen any evidence -- none of you all have seen any evidence that a gun was there. That is what people are saying,” he said when asked to respond to the chief’s statements asserting Scott’s possession of a handgun. “It's my understanding that his wife saw him get shot and killed. And that's something that she will never, ever forget,” Bamberg said. When asked whether the family wants the video released, he replied, “Ultimately what I think the whole community here wants is the truth. And to the extent that release of the video can somehow help us reach that truth, I think that the family will ultimately support its release.” The family was supposed to address the press conference with their attorneys, but were absent due to grieving, according to Bamberg. He said, “Let me be very clear. This family does not agree with rioting or innocent individuals being injured or killed. But they do support citizens and their right to voice their frustration, to voice their anger.” Correction: This article originally said that Senator Scott urged the Charlotte police to release the video. He merely said that release of the video might ease tensions.