 If not for the presidency, Bobby Knight is pushing Donald Trump for sainthood. “I actually enjoyed the day with Saint Donald and I've enjoyed watching him. I've really enjoyed watching him, I think go about things the way that he thought things should be.,” the legendary basketball coach said Friday on “Fox & Friends,” echoing a sobriquet he has begun using for the Republican nominee in recent days. “I think the man has a lot of really, really good things to bring to the table.” Story Continued Below Remarking upon Trump’s transformation as a presidential candidate, the famously hot-headed Hall of Fame coach said he was not sure if he would say the boastful businessman has become “milder.” “But I just have seen him take a different approach to how things should be and go about attacking things and what's wrong,” Knight said. “I've really been impressed with the interest that he has in seeing that things are done in the right way.” Asked whether he had discussed the ongoing unrest in Charlotte, North Carolina, after police shot and killed an African-American man, Knight replied, “Not really.” “I mean that's -- you know, what is there to say?” he remarked. “It was wrong. It was—You know, you could go forever. That was not something that we really directed our attention to.” As far as what the two did discuss, Knight made note of Trump’s business records and ability to solve problems. “And that's what I think is the most important thing he brings to this job. The guy is going -- hey, this isn't working, we got to figure out what's wrong with this and we got to get this straightened out,” Knight said. “That, to me, is what being president is all about, and I don't think -- has there ever been a president that hasn't had problems?” The best president at that “might have been Reagan,” Knight said, adding, “that’s what Donald Trump brings to the table.” When it comes to Hillary Clinton’s assertion that Trump lacks the temperament to be commander in chief, Knight invoked his favorite presidents to argue the opposite. “Well, I think that being pretty strong willed is a pretty good asset to have,” he added. “I mean, who had -- has there ever been a president that was better than Harry Truman and Harry Truman had a damn good temperament.”