 Hillary Clinton on Wednesday lamented the deaths of two African-American men this week by police officers, calling such killings “unbearable” and adding that they need “to become intolerable.” Clinton’s remarks on the shootings, one in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and the other in Charlotte, North Carolina, came at the top of a speech that was billed as focusing on economic issues. But the former secretary of state told the Orlando, Florida, crowd that she felt compelled to address the news of the day. Story Continued Below “There is still a lot we don’t know yet about what happened in both incidents. But we do know that we have two more names to add to a list of African-Americans killed by police officers in these encounters,” she said. “Look, I know I don’t have all the answers. I don’t know anyone who does. But this is certain: Too many people have lost their lives who shouldn’t have.“ Clinton bemoaned not just the two police-involved deaths from this week, but also violence against police that occurred last week in Philadelphia and Tuesday night in Charlotte. She balanced calls for an end to the killings of black men at the hands of law enforcement with praise for the police departments that handled a mass-stabbing attack in Minnesota and explosions in New York and New Jersey over the weekend. “I’ve spoken to many police chiefs and other law enforcement leaders who are as deeply concerned as I am and as deeply committed as I am to reform. Why? Because they know it is essential for the safety of our communities and our officers,” she said. “I’ve also been privileged to spend a lot of time with mothers who have lost children, and young people who feel that, as far as their country’s concerned, their lives seem disposable. We’ve got to do better. And I know we can. And if I’m elected president, we will.” From there, Clinton returned to her speech’s stated topic: “building an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top.” She called for the inclusion of more women in the labor force, improved access to affordable education, and immigration reform, which Clinton said would help families and be a boon for the U.S. economy. But the former secretary of state spent the bulk of her speech calling for improved economic opportunities for Americans with disabilities, a group she said is “too often invisible — overlooked and undervalued.” As president, Clinton said she would seek to advance employment opportunities for those with disabilities and make higher education more accessible to them as well. She also called for the ratification of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. “Men and women, boys and girls who have talents, skills, ideas and dreams for themselves and their families, just like anybody else. Whether they can participate in our economy and lead rich, full lives that are as healthy and productive as possible is a reflection on us as a country,” she said. “And right now, in too many ways, we are falling short. We’ve got to face that, and do better, for everyone’s sake. Because this really does go to the heart of who we are as Americans.”