President Barack Obama characterized Donald Trump's presidential campaign as an "infomercial" during a fundraiser in Manhattan Sunday night. In town for this week's United Nations General Assembly, Obama spoke to supporters at the Gramercy Park home of restaurateur Danny Meyer and his wife Audrey. "This guy's unqualified to be president and he shows no interest in even gaining the rudimentary knowledge required to make really hard decisions on a day to day basis," Obama said of the Republican presidential candidate. "There's no curiosity. There's no desire to get up to speed. It's a infomercial. It's a reality show." Trump previously appeared on several seasons of NBC's reality show, "The Apprentice," and he has also lent his name to several products over the course of his career, including menswear, alcohol, magazines and hotels. And in a nod to Trump's comments and policies that have been slammed by critics as racist and xenophobic, Obama said, "It's tapping into some of our worst impulses ... one's that divide us rather then bring us together. One's that seek to put down people who have been historically vulnerable opposed to lifting them up." Obama admitted that presidential race will be a close race, explaining, "So this should not be a close election but it will be and the reason it will be is not because of Hillary's flaws but rather because structurally we've become a very polarized society and if all you're doing is watching Fox News and listening to Rush Limbaugh... a lot of misinformation on a regular basis, it's very hard for you to think that you're going to vote for somebody who you've been told is taking the country in the wrong direction." The president also acknowledge that Americans are still trying to come to terms with having a female president. "I will also say that there's a reason why we haven't had a women president... As a society we still grapple with what it means to see powerful women. And it still troubles us in a lot of ways unfairly. And that expresses itself in all sorts of ways." 