The latest national presidential poll has some encouraging news for the campaign of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, showing a 6-point lead for her over Republican candidate Donald Trump. Clinton received 43 percent support from likely voters in the poll, from NBC and The Wall Street Journal, compared with Trump's 37 percent. Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson maintained his third position with 9 percent, and Green Party nominee Jill Stein trailed with 3 percent. In a head-to-head matchup, Clinton's lead expands to 7 points over Trump, 48 to 41. The margin of error of the poll is 3.2 percentage points. After the Democratic National Convention in July, polls showed Clinton's lead over Trump ballooning to upward of 10 points in early August before returning to tighter margins in recent weeks. Surveys by Fox News and CBS/New York Times last week showed a spread between the two candidates within the polls' margin of error.Today's numbers give Clinton her largest margin since Aug. 31, when a Fox News poll gave her a 6-point edge. Clinton received more support than usual from registered male voters in the NBC/Wall Street Journal poll. Trump maintained higher levels of backing from the demographic, garnering 46 percent support to Clinton's 44 percent, but the difference is much narrower than in earlier polls. In additional questions, respondents expressed concern about Trump's words and actions on the campaign trail, with 69 percent of those surveyed reporting that they have reservations about aspects of his campaign, with 54 percent saying they have "major" concerns. Specifically, 33 percent of likely voters reported dismay over Trump's temperament; 27 percent said his comments about women, immigrants and Muslims worry them the most; and 13 percent were most disturbed by his compliments for Russian President Vladimir Putin. On the Democratic side, Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state continued to bother voters; 64 percent expressed concern about the issue. ABC's Ryan Struyk contributed to this report.