Several protesters and a dozen police officers were injured, and about five people were arrested after violent protests erupted after a deadly police shooting in Charlotte, North Carolina, on Tuesday.Officers in riot gear deployed tear gas into a crowd of protesters after individuals targeted police cruisers, ABC affiliate WSOC-TV Charlotte reported. Early this morning the unrest raged on as a group of people blocked traffic on Interstate 85. A live video feed from a WSOC-TV helicopter above the scene appeared to show people removing items from the backs of trucks on the highway.The scene on I-85 appeared to devolve into looting, with people pulling items from tractor-trailers and burning boxes. A group of people attempted to break into a Walmart, WSOC-TV reported, and scattered when police arrived at the scene. At least seven civilians were transported to a local hospital, and a handful were treated.The shooting took place Tuesday afternoon after officers arrived at an apartment complex in Charlotte at about 4 p.m., searching for a suspect who had an outstanding warrant, a police statement said.Police said the man fatally shot, identified as Keith Lamont Scott, was not the suspect officers sought but had exited from a vehicle with a firearm and the officers believed he posed an imminent deadly threat. Scott's family quickly challenged the police account of the shooting, saying that he was not armed and that he was holding a book and waiting for his son to be dropped off from school, WSOC-TV reports.Detectives say they recovered at the scene the firearm they believe Scott was holding at the time of the shooting, WSOC-TV reported. Charlotte's Mayor Jennifer Roberts tweeted that "the community deserves answers and full investigation will ensue" and asked for calm as investigators work the case.Police identified the officer involved in the shooting Brentley Vinson, who has been employed with the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department since July 21, 2014, and is assigned to the metro division. Per standard procedure with any officer-involved shooting, he has been placed on paid administrative leave, police said. As night fell in Charlotte, protesters blocked off a busy road and chanted "Hands up, don't shoot!"Both Vinson and Scott are African-American, a police source told WSOC-TV. This is a breaking news story. Check back for updates.