President Obama painted Donald Trump as unprepared and temperamentally unfit to be commander-in-chief after the first presidential debate. "Anybody who was watching the debate, I think got a sense that you got really sharply-contrasting visions about where we should take the country. And I’m admittedly biased. I have worked with Hillary. I know her. She is well-prepared. She’s got the right temperament for the job," Obama said in an interview with "On Air With Ryan Seacrest." He contrasted that with what what he believes Trump has demonstrated. "The other guy doesn’t have the preparation, the temperament or the core values of inclusion and making everybody, you know, have opportunity that would take our country forward," he said. Obama described why he thinks this election is particularly important and why voters need to turn out. "Every election is a big election. This one’s especially big just because there’s such big differences between the two candidates, and people need to register to vote," he said. "There's only one candidate in this race -- Hillary Clinton -- who's actually qualified to do the job and make good decisions for us." The president expressed concern over Trump's stance on two issues he thinks will be pivotal to his daughters' generation --- nuclear non-proliferation and climate change. "I get worried when I hear somebody like Donald Trump start saying, 'Well, I don't necessarily know whether Japan or North Korea should be protected by us, maybe they should get their own nuclear weapon.' That shows somebody who doesn't pay attention to these issues and you don't necessarily want close to the nuclear button," he said. The president added, "When you hear somebody like Trump say he thinks this is a plot of the Chinese, it's a fraud and a hoax when 99 percent of scientists are saying, 'No we've got to do something about this. That worries me.'" Asked what he thinks when his name is mentioned in a debate, Obama said, "If I got heated about stuff that was said about me at this point, I would be even more in the grey than I already am. I've developed a pretty thick skin."