 Clinton sat down with the comedian on September 9, the day her doctor diagnosed her with pneumonia. Clinton, who was introduced as "Had Pneumonia" at the start of the video, plays along with Galifianakis' off-color humor and shows a bit of comedy herself. "When you see how well it works for Donald Trump, do you think to yourself, oh maybe I should be more racist," the comedian asks Clinton, who just shakes her head and laughs. Galifianakis also knocks Clinton for going to Trump's 2005 wedding to Melania Trump. "When you went to Donald Trump's wedding, did he write his own vows? And did Michelle Obama write Melania's," the comedian says, a joke about how Trump's wife plagiarized the first lady in her speech to the Republican National Convention. The interview is part of the Clinton campaign's attempt to show a funnier, softer side of the former secretary of state. Led by Kristina Schake, Clinton's deputy communications director, the effort has seen Clinton do a number of non-traditional interviews like the one with Galifianakis. Galifianakis opened the interview with, "Critics have questioned some of your decision making recently and by you doing this show I hope it finally puts it to rest." Clinton deadpanned, "I think it absolutely proves their case, don't you?" Clinton is not the first politician to sit down with Galifianakis. President Barack Obama also sat down with the comedian in 2014 to tout the Affordable Care Act. RELATED: The backstory to the Obama-Galifianakis Funny or Die video Nodding to the historic significance of Clinton's candidacy, the comedian joked that while she could be the first female president, "for a younger, younger generation, you will also become their first white president and that is pretty neat, too." Trump was not spared during the interview. Galifianakis also asked if Clinton will lead the civil war if Trump wins. Clinton says, "No, I wouldn't take up arms. I think that might be a little extreme." "Oh right, because you were saying before we were rolling that you wanted to take away everyone's guns. Very cool," Galifianakis jokes. "I really regret doing this," Clinton says. After implying that Clinton's pantsuits make her look like a "librarian from outer space," Galifianakis also asks Cllinton what she thinks Trump will wear to the debate. "I assume he will wear that red power tie," Clinton says. "Or maybe like a white power tie," Galifianakis says. "That is even more appropriate," Clinton adds. The over 5-minute interview closes with a joke about Clinton's email controversy. "Well, this has been a lot of fun Mrs. Clinton," Clinton says. "We should stay in touch. What is the best way to reach you? Email." Clinton responds by staring the comedian down.