Officially speaking, Monday night's debate was separated into three sections—achieving prosperity, America's direction, and securing America—but it didn't take long to explode into a range of issues from police-community relations to NATO to Donald Trump's business practices and Hillary Clinton's stamina. How to make sense of it all? Seriously, what just happened? We dialed in the experts on topics from criminal justice to international affairs to history, who detected some big moments that might have gotten drowned out in all the noise, from both candidates’ missed opportunities on foreign policy to an unprecedented invocation of direct racism on the presidential debate stage. And ... wasn't this thing supposed to have a Republican, too? Clinton showed she’s as un-serious on foreign policy as Trump Danielle Pletka is senior vice president for foreign and defense policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute. Most of the debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump had passed before we got to national security. By that time, Trump had drifted—nay, sprinted—away from his strong opener to the rambling, bombastic incoherence that characterized his performance from about minute 20 until the end. And as when the blazing dumpster fire draws our attention away from the rodent-ridden alley, all eyes were drawn to the New York businessman, wondering what the hell he was going to say next. That’s a shame, because it was Hillary Clinton who articulated not a single fresh idea, not a single pivot away from the disastrous Obama years, not a single vision. Her foreign policy might well be summarized as “I’m not crazy Trump.” And that’s far from enough. Consider the substance (and here I set aside the series of catcalls that pass for Trump foreign policy). On cyber-security, an issue about which Clinton has already displayed some confusion, she stated that “we are not going to sit idly by and permit state actors to go after our information.” What does that mean? Given the cyberattacks we’ve witnessed, didn’t she sit idly by as secretary of state? "Not sitting" is not foreign policy. Apparently Clinton has “a plan to defeat ISIS.” What is it? Literally, she led with “going after them online.” She threw in liberal hawk buzzword “intensify” about air strikes as if that represents a strategy. And she added that she would like to “take out their leadership.” Take that Al Qaeda and ISIS! How do we protect the homeland? “An intelligence surge.” Cooperating with Muslim nations. That’s it, really. Oh, and Clinton loves the Iran deal. And NATO. The former secretary of state closed her national security argument claiming, “Donald never tells you what he would do.” That’s spot on. The problem is, while Clinton is more polite, more temperate and well … more normal, in her own way she’s as unserious about national security as The Donald. The performer wilted; the bureaucrat stepped up. On the debate stage Monday night, Hillary Clinton notably called her opponent “Donald,” a transparent move to gain the whip hand. Donald Trump called Clinton “secretary,” but only after elaborately asking her permission, the way someone asks a vegan if she eats even bread, implying, “You’re so finicky, who knows what will bother you?” Even formal terms of address between politicians would be played for schoolyard advantage, it seemed. Until Trump—the consummate bully, the master entertainer—wavered. Soon enough, he lapsed into “Hillary.” His initial “secretary” ploy, which at first seemed moderately promising—and might have teed up a sneering riff on political correctness later—lost his attention. He couldn’t commit to the bit, or any bit. The same was true all night. Yes, Trump, who never hit a false note as the capricious tyrant on The Apprentice, somehow kept straying from the role he had played so many times on the debate stage during the primaries: performer. “Message” has sometimes seemed protean with Trump, but his persona has always been brightly limned, his modest vocabulary serving as trusty scaffolding for a self as solid and simple as a cartoon. Tonight, however, that Trump-brand Trump slipped and slid, perhaps left wobbly without the crutch of a friendly crowd. Rather than talk about the magnitude of his primary victory or the one he hopes for this fall, Trump openly envisioned losing—twice. “If I don’t get to Pennsylvania Avenue one way, I’m going to get there another,” he said, referring to his company’s new hotel in Washington, D.C., just down the street from the White House. When asked if he would abide by the outcome of the vote in November—Trump has suggested he fears voter fraud—he dodged the question, rambled a bit, then, when pressed again, closed out the night with these final non-rousing words: “If she wins, I will absolutely support her.” The strongman didn’t look so strong. As the debate came to a close, Trump himself confessed that he had fallen short of his usual routine: “I was going to say something extremely rough to Hillary, to her family. And I said to myself, I can’t do it. I just can’t do it. It’s inappropriate, it’s not nice.” I can’t do it. He was talking like a loser.