He was at his best in knocking trade deals, but Clinton threw him off balance with attack on his tax plan. Donald Trump enjoyed his strongest moments of the first presidential debate railing about trade deals crushing manufacturing jobs and then ripping the slowest economic recovery since World War II. But when it came to his specific plans to make things better, Trump came up short and ran into a details-obsessed opponent who shredded the GOP nominee’s tax plan as a retread of tax cuts for the rich that would explode the deficit. Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton even had a catchphrase handy to parry Trump’s promises of a rocket-fueled economy: “trumped-up trickle-down.” If Trump’s goal on Monday was to put some serious meat behind his promises to ignite a sluggish economy and put Clinton squarely on the defensive on the issue, he succeeded only sporadically. Trump wasted no time in the high-decibel debate in blaming bad trade policies for a hollowing out of the American economy. “Our jobs are fleeing the country. They are going to Mexico, they are going to many other countries,” Trump said at the start. “We have to stop our jobs from being stolen from us. We have to stop our companies from leaving the United States and with it, firing all of their people.” Trump said his plan to cut the top corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 15 percent would “be a job creator like we haven’t seen since Ronald Reagan.” These kinds of appeals have helped Trump draw nearly even in the presidential race and ahead in swing states such as Ohio that have suffered the loss of well-paying manufacturing jobs that do not require advanced training. But when it came to laying out specifics for how he would create a renaissance in American manufacturing, Trump ran onto rougher ground. Pressed by moderator Lester Holt for details on how he would get jobs back, Trump muddled through a digression on China devaluing its currency (it has actually been appreciating) and saying we have to “stop them from leaving.” Exactly how was unclear beyond the imposition of large import taxes that many economists believe would spark damaging and possibly recession-inducing trade wars. Clinton responded in part by agreeing with Trump that trade deals should be better, ceding the offensive to the Republican nominee at the start. But she quickly pivoted to a simple message: The economy is much better than it was when President Barack Obama took over in 2009, and slashing taxes for top earners is not the best way to fix what’s currently broken. “I think that trade is an important issue. Of course, we are 5 percent of the world’s population. We have to trade with the other 95 percent. And we need to have smart, fair trade deals,” she said before launching into her first prepared zinger of the night. “The kind of plan that Donald has put forth would be trickle-down economics all over again. In fact, it would be the most extreme version, the biggest tax cuts for the top percent of the people in this country, that we’ve ever had. I call it trumped-up trickle-down, because that’s exactly what it would be.” This was one of Clinton’s top agenda items for the night: Cut off Trump’s rise with voters frustrated by the grinding nature of the U.S. economy and hungry for some kind of change of course, even if it’s delivered to them by an unconventional candidate they don’t really think is prepared for the presidency. Polls consistently show Americans view the country as on the wrong track and the economy as either stuck in the mud or getting worse. A POLITICO-Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health poll out this week showed that 56 percent of Americans believe the economy has stayed the same or gotten worse since the 2008 meltdown. The facts do not really support this, with unemployment down to 4.9 percent and incomes finally starting to rise significantly for middle-income earners. But many people still don’t perceive the economy as improving, something Clinton also tried to address Monday night, while also taking the opportunity to needle Trump on his business record. “Let’s stop for a second and remember where we were eight years ago. We had the worst financial crisis, the Great Recession, the worst since the 1930s,” she said. “That was in large part because of tax policies that slash taxes on the wealthy, failed to invest in the middle class, took their eyes off of Wall Street and created a perfect storm. In fact, Donald was one of the people who rooted for the housing crisis. He said back in 2006, gee, I hope it does collapse because then I can go in and buy some and make some money.” Trump did not even try to rebut this assessment, just as he did not deny paying little or no federal income taxes for years. “That’s called business,” he said about profiting from the housing market collapse. Clinton didn’t let up, diving again into her bag of statistics to rip Trump’s tax plan by citing studies showing Trump’s proposed corporate and individual cuts would “blow up the debt by over $5 trillion” and cost more than 3 million jobs. Trump also did not have much of a response for this attack, pivoting instead to the increase in the debt during Obama’s term and then simply stating: “I will bring back jobs. You can’t bring back jobs.” Clinton tossed in a favorable reference to the 1990s economy under President Bill Clinton, which saw 20 million new jobs created, and rejected Trump’s notion that Clinton signing the North American Free Trade Agreement was a disaster for the U.S. “I think my husband did a pretty good job in the 1990s. I think a lot about what worked and how we can make it work again,” she said. “Incomes went up for everybody. Manufacturing went up in the 1990s, if we’re actually going to look at the facts.” And on it went from there, Trump offering bold promises and generalizations but looking very thin on how he might deliver them. The Clinton campaign’s hope with these debates is that the remaining pool of undecided voters tempted by the thought of a major course change will look at Trump’s lack of specifics — and Clinton’s command of data and detail — and decide it’s not worth taking the risk. Clinton also had a zinger waiting for Trump when he ripped into her over her initial praise for the Trans Pacific Partnership agreement. “You called it the gold standard. You called it the gold standard of trade deals. You said it’s the finest deal you’ve ever seen,” he said. “And then you heard what I said about it and all of a sudden you were against it.” It’s a potentially powerful argument for Trump in the Rust Belt. But Clinton was ready. “Well, Donald, I know you live in your own reality, but that is not the facts,” she said. “The facts are — I did say I hoped it would be a good deal, but when it was negotiated, which I was not responsible for, I concluded it wasn’t. I wrote about that in my book before you even announced.”