When Donald Trump was asked by debate moderator Lester Holt last night how he would prevent cyberattacks against the United States, the Republican nominee had an opportunity to hammer Hillary Clinton on her use of a private email server and her handling of classified information as secretary of state. Instead, Trump suggested that a 400-pound hacker could have targeted the Democratic National Committee, accused Democratic officials of mistreating Sen. Bernie Sanders’ presidential campaign and praised his 10-year-old son’s “unbelievable” knack for computers. The exchange was one of several missed opportunities for Trump in Monday’s presidential debate, according to congressional Republicans who tuned in to the much-anticipated matchup. “I wish Trump would’ve hit some of the softballs a little harder,” said Rep. Dave Brat, R-Va., who watched the debate with colleagues. Republicans expressed frustration that Holt did not ask any questions about the Clinton Foundation or the Benghazi attacks while challenging Trump on his record on the Iraq War and real estate career. But lawmakers said the New York businessman should have taken every opportunity to bring up those issues, which have dogged Clinton’s presidential campaign. “She might as well have emailed the Russians her email address!” Rep. Daniel Webster, R-Fla., exclaimed Tuesday about Clinton’s use of a private email server. A recent Washington Post/ABC News poll found that just 36 percent of voters see Clinton as honest and trustworthy, compared with 45 percent for Trump. Trump, who has never run for public office, held limited debate practice and did not take part in any mock debates, according to campaign advisers, while Clinton was still preparing as late as Monday afternoon. Some top Republicans praised Trump for effectively making his case to American voters. “I saw Hillary Clinton give a polished, well-rehearsed defense of the status quo,” House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., told reporters Tuesday. “I saw Donald Trump give a spirited voice to those of us who don’t like the status quo.” Trump, Ryan continued, showed “for 90 minutes he could go toe to toe with Hillary Clinton.” Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., the 2008 Republican presidential candidate, said the debate “was very interesting.” While many Republicans gathered to watch the debate in Washington, it wasn’t required viewing for everyone. “I was on an airplane,” Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., told reporters. Rep. John Katko, R-N.Y., who is in a tough re-election race in upstate New York, also declined to answer questions about the debate Tuesday.